you
I would be curious to hear how that space went.
I wasn't really told about it.
So I didn't, I, I guess I kind of knew there was something I saw something, but nobody ever invites me to these things.
And I don't pay attention enough on Twitter for that to happen.
Um, I go on Twitter, I tweet for one cup of coffee and then I get off.
I don't, I don't read Twitter anymore.
It's just a way of me trying to attract attention to the work that we do here.
Um, nothing more.
Uh, Twitter's terrible.
But there are a lot of people trying to use it.
And so I'm trying to throw a lifeline every day.
And anybody that finds themselves here, I think will find themselves in a place where a lot more will make sense.
And I'm afraid that this data tells us that we're dealing as we move forward.
I think a lot of these people are just going to run out of room.
You know, it's kind of like truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying.
We don't even recognize the truth no more in society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
If you mean crypto, yes, they have crypto and they're using it.
But you can tell if someone's lying.
Crypto is one of the ways that all this is happening.
It's one of the ways all these people are being taken care of behind the scenes that we can't really see and follow.
You can make no mistake about it.
That's how things are being laundered right now.
And all of these people are likely involved in it already.
So you just have to be aware of it.
It is absolutely, positively all about maintaining this lie.
This lie right here is the lie that they are all protecting, and they will burn themselves protecting it, I assure you.
I'm not sure exactly who he is.
His name is JJ Cooey, and I believe he's a consultant for CHD.
And I believe he has a PhD in some sort of scientific discipline, from what I understand.
Yeah, sorry I'm late, Kim.
Mark, Mark, Mark, you're so funny.
As a surgeon, you should be speaking out on this.
You could save lives.
Dude, what the fuck?
I didn't know anything about this.
How am I meant to know about this?
You know what?
I don't know about everything.
Like, um, you shouldn't, you shouldn't think that just because you're on to something that someone else should be doing it too, buddy.
We've all got our own jobs to do.
I don't tell you what to do.
What the fuck?
anyway i mean the reason why i try to get through to you to get your number call you and you're busy last time and i'm not busy is um look i went back through the podcast and i'm afraid
I think it wasn't good enough mate.
I don't know how to explain this to you but you know it was about, it was just over an hour but the thing is what was relevant was like literally just 15 minutes and it was just dragged out and there was not enough substance, not enough facts, not enough details.
um i would also say try and work on your presentation you you drag things out and speak very slowly and it's just you need to be a bit more punchy a bit more punchy a bit more animated
I don't know.
So,
Well, we're here doing some more work trying to dispel the enchantment and those casting it.
And unfortunately, we've got some painful work to do tonight because a lot of people don't want to accept the fact that Doc Malek is probably not playing for America.
He might be playing for the UK.
I mean, he could be playing for the UK.
That's possible.
But he's not playing for America.
He's not playing for Americans.
And I think he's part of the team that Robert Malone and Meryl Nass are all a part of.
And this team is a team of traders.
And your consciousness is the prime real estate that they've been competing for for many years now, because it is not a matter of what is true that counts, but it's a matter of what is perceived to be true.
And these people have been running us rampant with confusion, fear, uncertainty and doubt.
And that's why we have come to perceive.
come to perceive goldfish as sharks and we've come to not realize the vast majority of us are completely unaware that there's no epidemiological evidence of spread in New York City or anywhere else, despite all these epidemiologists coming to our rescue.
and infectious clones are the only real threat with regard to whatever these RNA entities are and nobody even uses these terms except for to make fun of them or to dismiss them placebo batches can't be on anybody's radar except for ours transfection in healthy humans has always been dumb but people won't still won't say it sometimes they use the word transfection now but it's four and a half years too late
The protocols were murder and there's some very specific ways that they're allowed to say that, but they're not allowed to go into any details.
They're not allowed to tell you what's happening in Oklahoma.
Gain of Function is a mythology that none of these people are going to be articulate enough to explain to you in a meaningful way, because they want you to continue working on the Scooby-Doo mystery.
And they are spectacularly committed to the lies that edify that Scooby-Doo mystery being the question that needs answering.
And in the meantime, they're going to attribute bad motives to me and to others who are just trying to figure this out.
And again, it's because they have means of laundering money.
They have excess cash.
They have influence of weaponized piles of money and control over the programmed results of social media.
And so, yes, they can control what is perceived.
And even those people, when they are shown, they sometimes can't see because the illusion of social media and television is so strong.
And the enticing idea that AI with enough data can solve all of humanity's problems is the pipe dream that all of these people have been chasing since the early 50s, 40s, I don't know when it started.
But we've got a lot of books that indicates that a lot of these people like Hilary Koprowski and Stanley Plotkin and Baltimore and Gallo, these people were all in on creating this illusion
And we inherited the power over us.
We inherited from our parents.
Our parents bequeathed it to us.
Is that the right word?
And once we are given power over, it's hard to get it back, especially if they've had power over us since we were children.
And that's the case.
And so we're going to have to do something pretty magical if we're going to make gentle the life of this world as we transition out of this mythology
If we're going to teach our children to be able to see the mythology in America for what it is, the public health state, the military-industrial complex, the way that our Congress is captured by lobbying money, the way that our banks are captured, if we're going to teach our kids to start to be able to see this and surf this wave safely to shore,
We're going to have to start telling the truth in some very big ways.
And there are lots of people right now that are artificially risen on social media that have no business being there because their job is to make sure our kids cannot see this way.
Their job is to make sure that our kids are misled for another generation or two.
So if you're here for a while, you're here at the top of the wave.
And if not, you might need to be taught how to stay focused on the biology.
You might need to be shaken loose of the bait on social media, and you might need to relearn what it means to love your neighbor.
The way this works is people support the stream.
We got a couple of crazy donations over the last couple of days that, quite frankly, are absolutely mind-boggling.
coming from someone who has given very little on the internet to anyone.
Shout out to a couple of the donors from the last couple days.
I'm not sure whether I'm going to pull the trigger on first names all the time or not, so I'm kind of hesitating right now, but suffice to say that...
Some pretty big bullseyes are hit when people donate.
And it really makes a huge difference because my family is supported by viewers like you.
This work is supported by viewers like you, and that's it.
Nobody else.
And so that's really important.
We don't have the Skoll Foundation.
We don't have a 501c3 yet.
We don't have anything like that.
We just have people that are
are see and believe in what they see and think that our message of informed noncompliance of learning the biology is a good one.
And so again, thanks to all those donors.
This is GigaOM Biological.
do
Good afternoon.
It is 436 in the afternoon here in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
It's a bit cloudy day, a little muggy, but cool.
It is the 2nd of June, 2024, and I wanted to do some more work with regard to getting us out of this
I'm a human just like you.
I'm going to make mistakes.
I have made mistakes.
One of the things that is characterized, cataloged on my website is at the link Scooby, where you can find what I was thinking in early 2021, late 2020, about the immunology and the transfection and what would work and what wouldn't and the biology of the virus and this kind of thing.
And I've come a long way since then, but seeing how effectively trapped I was at the beginning of 2021 and the mystery of the Scooby-Doo is really illustrative of how all of us, no matter how hard we worked, were likely to be trapped because we were being lied to by a chorus.
of liars that were agreeing on certain topics.
And those people were put in front of us by, not by random algorithms, but by careful programming of social media so that only certain voices were heard and seen by the right people.
And so that two sides or three sides of a story were created wherein nobody would ever solve the mystery.
And instead, by arguing vigorously within these limited spectrums of debate, nobody would escape.
And everybody would assume at some point that this was a lab leak and that it was released upon us.
So intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent and RNA cannot pandemic.
And we're going to spend this summer really, really
learning the biology that edifies these ideas and once and for all end this debate about no viruses, viruses, whatever.
Not end the debate, but kind of bring a level of clarity and nuance so that the vast majority of people who are captured in
the TV narrative can escape.
At some point in time, the no virus idea and what they did or didn't do is going to have to be investigated by someone, cataloged by someone, so that we can show exactly what they did when they did it.
and that they never really said, hey, this is a lie.
And they murdered people to achieve acceptance of the lie.
The no-virus people were never able to say it so succinctly in the first, let's say, two and a half or three years of the pandemic.
And this can't be a happenstance failing because of their extreme focus on virology.
Rather, this is a probably scripted failing
And that's why if they get their way or the way of the controllers, most likely some of these no virus people are going to step forward and say, hey, we said it all along.
And what's going to be unfortunate is that I'm going to be the one person in the wilderness who's going to say, no, they didn't.
And if they did, they said it very well at the beginning of 2020.
And then their narratives changed and sculpted around these few ideas and these few semantic arguments that had to be accepted in order to debate.
And the only things, they were very, very, very strange for three years and not really
seemingly to move this ball forward.
And so anybody that wants to agree with these three statements, but argue about something in the details, I'm totally down with it.
But you're going to see that nobody will actually even state these or admit that these statements are available.
Instead, they're usually going to start with our hypothesis about a dangerous novel virus being declared by the WHO and that maybe clones were used to seed the molecular signal that was confounded as a pandemic.
But they're never going to start here because these are the ideas that that whole lab leak and natural virus debate is supposed to hide and protect.
And so that's why they have been busy spreading bad ideas.
And I guess the more accurate way to say it would be they've been spreading bad questions and arguing about the answers to these bad questions for four years in order for us not to escape from this trap.
And so these people are really traitors.
And I would argue that there are some... What the hell?
Did I do something wrong there?
Darn it.
I did.
Okay, so I got to get out of here.
You demon.
I mean, it's fine.
It's not that big a deal.
I just, I just like that thing to be in there.
You know, I like this.
Sorry.
So spread of dangerous ideas.
Today we are going to look at
Doc Malek, and he was on a podcast in January or February or March.
I don't know when it was.
It was the first few months of the year.
I had it saved in my January folder, I think, but I don't think it was January, and that should have been an automatic transition there.
Why isn't it transitioning?
There we go.
And so it might have just been at the beginning of 2024.
And I'm not going to hold anybody's hand here, but if you figure out that this podcast was, let's say, in January of 2024, maybe February, you can go to Doc Malek's list on Rumble or go to his list on his website, wherever that is.
And you can look at who had been on his podcast before he did this guest spot on Politics at Empire, a podcast that I've also been on.
And so it's interesting because both of these guys have talked to me and both of these guys have talked to, in fact, a lot of these people that are pretending to be
part of a group of people actually trying to figure this out.
Like I am, instead of actually trying to figure it out though, these people are trying to actively meddle with everyone who is trying to figure it out to make sure that number one, we don't come together.
That's one of the reasons why Jessica Hockett was busy with a bunch of other people and I was busy with a bunch of other people to make sure that we would never come together.
Now we're together.
Now Mark and I and her are together.
Now Nick and Jonathan and these people are all coming together.
under the under the
a more nuanced way of arguing that there was no pandemic, that isn't so easily dismissed as the, there's no virus position, and not so easily dismissed as, oh, it can't be.
It's just viruses are viruses.
Because we know that all of these positions are pretty ridiculous now, unless we are absolutely skilled, skillfully using television and social media.
So the curious thing is, of course, is that Doc Malek came to the scene
Can I do that?
And then this?
Doc Malek came to the scene.
I guess in 2022 or the beginning of 2023 or I don't know when it was, but it's certainly not in 2020.
He didn't start a podcast in 2019 or a YouTube channel or nothing.
He didn't really start to do anything until 21 or 22 and it wasn't really clear if he lost his job completely or just kinda or when that all happened.
And then he transitioned into this.
When he first started podcasting, I do not believe, although I could be wrong, his fans can correct me, that he had already lost his position.
That happened after he started the podcast.
And in fact, maybe even because of his podcast, he lost his job.
So what I'm getting at here is that we want to be very careful because of course if we're going to give attention and we're going to give financial support and other people are going to give their attention and their time to Doc Malik,
There should be some contribution by this guy, right?
He's supposedly an orthopedic surgeon.
He was skilled enough to cut people open while they were under anesthesia.
So he should know some basics as an MD and some basics as a surgeon.
And so after speaking to all the people that he spoke to before, whenever this podcast was, he should have built up some understanding.
Now, even if his understanding doesn't incorporate what I told him when I was on his podcast, that doesn't matter.
My argument would be essentially that he, if he's doing what he calls his job, when he's complaining about Mark, it would be to kind of learn from the people that he's podcasting and so slowly build a sort of synthesis understanding of what happened based on what Mike Eden told him and what Robert Malone, what he learned from Robert Malone and what he learned from Meryl Nass, what he learned from Sasha Latupova.
And so somewhere in there, there must be some synthesis after all those hours of hard work, podcasting and all that editing and whatever, all that time and effort, he must have developed some more sophisticated understanding of what happened or didn't happen since he started his podcast.
And what I think you're going to find extraordinary is in this podcast where he's interviewed by someone else, you're not going to find any understanding at all.
And he avoids in fact, committing to any understanding, especially in the beginning of the interview.
And that's really remarkable because what is he doing then?
What contribution is he making?
I would argue that I have made a earnest and I've made a genuine attempt to understand everything that's happening since about
the end of January 2020.
And I've made lots of mistakes, especially in that first year, because I was meddled with by a lot of these liars.
And that's why I have a particularly personal problem with some of them.
Some of them have visited me in Pittsburgh, stayed overnight at my house, been on signal chats with me and all this other stuff, manipulating the way that I think, trying to influence what I say or don't say or delay what I do or don't do.
And so I find it very extraordinary that coming to the scene rather late, Doc Malek has risen like a meteorite, because I guess his unique style is very charming or something.
And actually, I don't believe that.
I actually believe that like Robert Malone's fake censorship and Alex Berenson's fake censorship, and Pierre Khoury's fake testimony at the beginning of the pandemic, these are all things that were orchestrated by whatever entity or entities
have executed this pandemic on us.
If they took advantage of the DOD, they took advantage of HHS.
There are traitors inside of those organizations.
I don't have the explanation.
All I know is that nobody talks about the State Department.
Nobody ever says the FBI.
And everybody always says the DOD without saying DITRA very often.
And so it's just strange how all of these people have it figured all out.
And one of the commonalities between all these people is that I'm not really worth listening to.
I'm kind of crazy.
Or worse, I'm a bad guy.
And so Doc Malik has been on a signal chat with a hundred other people.
It's titled something like a Bitcoin signal chat that I was a part of in 2021, maybe 2022.
I don't remember when I was in there.
And that signal chat, he has been happy to make fun of me, happy to, I guess, say that somehow I'm being disingenuous with my critiques of Robert Malone or Meryl Nass or Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
or Mary Holland.
But all I am doing is telling the truth about my experience with them, what they've said to me in person and in private, because I feel like it's vital
to saving what I think is worth saving, which is America, the thing that we all share.
Unfortunately, I think a lot of people in a lot of other countries are not involved in saving America, and in fact, are involved in meddling with America to make sure that we don't save ourselves.
And that's why so many of these people are actually foreigners, from the UK or Canada or they're dual citizens, or from New Zealand.
I mean, come on.
What do these people know about our legal predicament versus their own legal predicament?
What can Viva Frye actually know about the legal system in America if he's a lawyer from Canada?
These aren't similar systems with similar precedents being set by their judicial records.
This is ridiculous.
And so something is happening and it is very malevolent and we are being misled by many more people than we've ever imagined possible because people are co-opted.
They are offered comfort and fame and Bitcoin and day trading and shady businesses with baseball cards and gold in America airport lockers and stupid stuff like that.
Schemes and scams.
The wellness company doesn't have to be all bad to be used in a bad way to great effect.
And confusion and frustration and doubt is the big effects they look for.
Doc Malek was introduced to us because Robert Malone and his team, or whoever is running Robert Malone's group, decided to choose him.
And that's why all of them, all of them, all of them have been on his show.
Maybe he was a good guy at some point, but I highly doubt it.
That's why when you see that email, he didn't deny where he's asking for more than $100,000 a year, plus a $50,000 signing bonus to be the chief surgical and medical officer of the wellness company, Europe.
If you don't see that as somebody who came out exactly when it was good to come out, exactly when it was profitable to come out, lucrative to come out, best for him, nothing to do with finally realizing that there was some truth to be told, nothing to do.
with saving America or any of our children, nothing at all.
And in fact, the odds of him being a part of the active controlled demolition of America, I think are almost 100%.
Listen to this.
People are going to say I'm crazy, but you just listen to his words and let him answer the questions for you.
I'm going to speed it up a little bit because I think it's probably going to be a little intolerable if we don't.
How about 125 is always usually pretty good.
I'm going to try and be objective as possible, ladies and gentlemen, but as I recall, he says some pretty amazing stuff.
Given the fact remember he's had Mike Eden on he's had I mean Nick Hudson on he's had all these people have been on there So if he's not got some kind of synthesis of what he thinks the most likely thing that's happened.
It's just gonna be like Let's see, let's see if he's punchy I was gonna be on the Viva Frye show, but Let's see if I can show that on screen here.
I
Hey, I'm in.
This was on Thursday, May 23rd.
Today is June 6th, 6th, 2nd of June.
May 23rd.
Hey, I'm in Eastern Standard Time, Pittsburgh, East Coast Time.
I can make myself available whenever is necessary.
Excellent.
Next week, this week is basically over.
So that next week was this past week.
You bet.
I'm open for whatever works almost any time, although maybe not 2am.
And he said, don't worry.
I'm a daylight person.
Laugh out loud.
So we'll see.
This week apparently didn't work out for him.
Maybe I'm supposed to ping him and beg him to be on his show.
But somehow I have a feeling that's not going to work out.
Maybe you guys should ping him and maybe that would work out better, but I don't think it's gonna work out.
I kind of knew it wouldn't.
Let's listen to this and see if you can pick up the same vibe that I'm picking up here.
Are we gonna see a humble doctor who ran into the big monster and is now trying to humbly join the fight against that big monster?
Or what does he see that makes his podcast unique?
what's interesting about his take on things.
It'll be interesting to hear it.
Geopolitics and Empire is joined by Doc Malek, the canceled surgeon.
You can no longer find him in any operating room, but you can find him in the metaverse at docmalek.substack.com where he's working on people's brains to brainwash them.
Welcome to Geopolitics and Empire, Doc.
God, man, I wish I was as slick as you when it came to intros.
You got this gravelly, sexy voice.
You got this really interesting accent that you can't place.
And yeah, I don't really do nice intros like that.
Well, you can start.
You can start.
And I was just a guest on your awesome podcast program.
I don't know how you do it, how you sleep.
You're just churning out a million amazing podcast guests every week.
But to start, I guess my question for you would be and then we'll get to what happened to you.
COVID-19-84, as I like to call it, you know, or COVID-9-11, you know, I started using that in like March 2020 and someone actually sent me 20 bucks via PayPal when I was still on, allowed to use PayPal.
They said, you're the first person I heard use that phrase COVID-19-84.
What was it?
You know, from looking back from your, you know, you've been your doctor or health expert.
I view it as some sort of totalitarian technocratic military operation, COVID.
What was this whole thing?
And that is because it's still ongoing and they might try it again.
Yeah, that's a million dollar question, buddy.
Seriously.
I love that, COVID 1984 or 9-11.
It's funny, Richard Gage, you might know him, the guy who set up the architects and engineers, you know, for 9-11 truth.
He actually had to leave his association because he said, look, this whole COVID thing, just like 9-11.
And they're like, well, you can't do that.
You have to leave and then do his own thing.
So you're 100 percent on the money there.
You know, and what was 9-11?
9-11 was a false flag.
What was 9-11?
It was the grandest of conspiracy realities.
There was misinformation.
There was complete mind warfare going on.
There was financial shenanigans and justification to go on, you know, splurge money and go on this all out war campaign, forever war, forever war.
And then introduction of the biosecurity state, the Patriot X, everything.
So when you think about it, yeah, COVID is 9-11, 100%, because what has it done?
This is forever war, forever war against these nasty germs and pandemics.
The enemy is out there and it's invisible.
We need to be prepared.
Preparedness, you know, industry is there, the pandemic preparedness industry.
And we can touch upon this, you know, with the WHO and the IHR amendments, which are specifically targeting that.
And then, you know, you had further infringement on our liberties, just like the Patriot Act and the biosecurity state, the Covid passports, vaccine passports, you name it, the testing, trace and trace testing, track and testing, whatever you want to call it.
And a lot of money was made, a lot of money.
So I think the parallels are huge, huge.
And, you know, when I talk about, you know, I used to talk about the military, military industrial complex.
And the medical-industrial complex, actually, I think they're the same thing.
The medical-military-industrial complex is this massive behemoth machinery trying to exploit the wealth, the talent, and the hard labor of just normal human beings to feed this beast.
And so it's not clear to me when exactly he came to this awareness, because he said the words, when I used to talk about the medical industrial complex or the military industrial, it's not really clear to me what he's referring to.
Is this when he was still a surgeon or it's like earlier in season one, he's acting as though he's always been speaking out, always been fighting.
And that's just a lie.
I mean, everybody in the UK that was killed was killed while he was working and he didn't do shit.
Excuse my language.
But when the murder happened in the UK, he wasn't speaking out.
He wasn't saying anything.
Now, if the murder continued into 2022 or 2023, then maybe he said something at some point, but I haven't heard him.
And so this is already pretty rich because he mentioned the WHO and the IHR amendments.
That was one of the first things that popped out.
And then the first guy that he gives a plug is Richard Gage on 9-11.
Boy, is that sketchy.
Not that I think Richard Gage is necessarily a bad guy, but he is definitely a limited hangout because he won't speak about things that he doesn't understand.
So he focuses very specifically on stuff that he's an expert on and curiously enough, he can't speak about anything else.
And that's a interesting flaw of a lot of the people that I've interacted with regard to the pandemic because Jay Bhattacharya says that he can't understand the stuff that's on my stream because he's not a biologist, he's an economist and epidemiologist.
And I've heard so many people say they just can't evaluate the biology that I talk about on my stream because it's not their thing.
And I just, I find that laughable.
And it's because I don't think if you can't explain your understanding sufficiently for someone else to grasp your understanding, then you don't understand anything.
And the idea that someone can't grasp my explanations of what I think happened in the pandemic is, especially with regard to people like Doc Malik, this is just liars.
The idea that Brett Weinstein said that he didn't think 30 minutes in a Zoom meeting would help him understand my text message is just a liar.
So let's listen, see if we catch him on anything else.
I, I, when I used to talk, let's hear it.
Huge, huge.
And you know, when I talk about, you know, I used to talk about the military, military industrial complex.
I used to talk and the medical industrial complex.
Actually, I think that the same thing, the medical military industrial complex is this massive behemoth machinery.
Trying to explain that he worked for, right.
That he worked for, for his whole life until like a year ago when he finally woke up to the, I guess it being a monster.
It's not really ringing true to me.
the wealth, the talent, and the hard labor of just, you know, normal human beings to feed this beast, this evil parasite that's sucking the life force of humanity.
So if you want to know what I think it is roughly, yeah, it's exactly what you just said.
If you go into the details, Aurovi, it's a bit, it's not clear.
And I'll tell you why.
It's deliberate.
It's the fog of war, misdirection, misinformation, confusion.
You know, it's deliberate.
These are tactics.
You know, leave the enemy confused.
Create a bank of a fog, you know, all around you.
Smoke screen.
Is the enemy in front?
Is it behind?
Is it to your left?
Is it to your right?
What are they throwing at you?
Like, where's upside down?
You know, you just don't know.
You're spinning around, around.
You're just confused.
And in that confused state, you lose sense of reality.
You're no longer grounded.
How can you fight the enemy when you don't even know who the enemy is, where the enemy is coming from, and what they're attacking for?
How can you defend yourself from that?
So he's pretty excited about how they've done it.
Right.
Sounds a lot like Robert Malone, like fifth generation warfare, something you can't really resist because you don't know where it's coming from.
Maybe the world that you thought you left behind never existed in the first place.
Just deliberate.
And you remember, you remember back in 2020, how fracking confusing it was, like the information to charge, to grasp.
You don't have a clue.
I mean, I'm sorry.
At the time, I was thinking maybe I'm just dumb, dumb shit.
I just don't understand all this.
But consultant, sorry, I'm a pretty smart guy looking at all this stuff.
And I was like, I have no idea what the hell they're talking about.
And oftentimes it's kind of like conflicting information.
I'd go through the official government data, the ONS.
I'd be so confusing.
And the thing is, you needed to be a statistician to read through the lines and figure out.
But in essence, everything was a lie.
That's all.
Interesting that I just realized that Uncaptured is on his hat, which is actually
Dan Cohen's media organization that he started a long time.
I wonder if it's stolen just like illusion of consensus was stolen by a substack from a Canadian kid.
Fusion.
Stand up, sit down, stand up.
No, no, sit down.
Nope, stay sitting down.
Now you can stand up.
You just got to the point where you just didn't know and they wanted you to be in that state.
so that you would look to the government, the state, for the answers.
So when the government and state said, you can stand up, now you'd be like, can I stand up?
Standing up.
Now you can sit down.
Okay, thank you, thank you.
Because making a decision was so stressful, you abdicated all responsibility to the state.
And that is, that has persisted.
So nothing has changed.
Abdicated all your responsibility is something I've been saying for three and a half or four years.
And definitely he hasn't been saying it for three and a half or four years because he wasn't anywhere to be seen in 2020 or 2021, maybe even 2022.
Look it up.
Prove these people true yourself.
And if you can't prove them to be true by their record, by what they say, by the consistent record of integrity, then stop following them.
Some of the pressure from the state has come off, the pressure from the media has come off, but there is still a state of, you know, a fog of war.
And we hear things like, oh, you know, there's a leaked the wet market.
Then it's the it's it's a leaked virus from Wuhan.
No, it's not.
Yes, it is.
It's a conspiracy.
No, it's not.
You know, it's there's a virus.
No, there's no virus.
No, it's clones.
Maybe it's not.
It was dispersed in some places.
It's this.
I mean, it's got to the point where it's that has persisted.
So nothing has changed.
Some of the pressure from the state has come off.
The pressure from the media has come up.
But there is still a state of, you know, a fog of war.
And we hear things like, oh, you know, there's a leaked the wet market.
Then it's the it's a leaked virus from Wuhan.
No, it's not.
Yes, it is.
It's a conspiracy.
No, it's not.
You know, it's there's a virus.
No, there's no virus.
No, it's clones.
Maybe it's not.
It was dispersed in some places.
I mean, it's got to the point where it's like, I have no fracking idea what the hell's going on.
See, he has no fracking idea what's going on.
So after all this podcasting, after all this hard work, churning out so many interesting guests, listening to so many people try to teach him something,
bring him some level of understanding.
Even if he didn't understand what I told him about clones, he at least admitted that he's heard of it.
He's got no fracking idea.
He's a pretty smart guy.
He says he toots his own horn.
I'm pretty smart.
I looked at those government figures.
I didn't understand what they were talking about.
Now he's been doing a podcast for more than a year.
He doesn't understand diddly.
After four years, you know, first couple years just sheltering in place, I guess, working with his head down, wearing the mask because they told him to.
Now he's finally awake, but now, I mean, he just, he can't figure anything out.
This is all just too complicated for him.
It's just a, he's no fracking idea.
It's persisted.
So nothing has changed.
Some of the pressure from the state has come off.
The pressure from the media has come off, but there is still a state of, you know, a fog of war.
And we hear things like, oh, you know, there's a leaked, the wet market, then it's the, it's, it's a leaked virus from Wuhan.
No, it's not.
Yes, it is.
It's a conspiracy.
No, it's not.
You know, it's, there's a virus.
No, there's no virus.
No, it's clones.
Maybe it's not.
It was dispersed in some places.
I mean, it's got to the point where it's like, I have no fracking idea what the hell's going on.
So we've all got our jobs to do, he told Mark in that voicemail.
We've all got our jobs to do, man.
You can't just expect everybody to be paying attention to whatever you're doing.
So what's his job?
Is he just an audio technician with cameras?
Is he a film editor?
I don't get what his job is.
His expertise was some kind of MD or surgeon, but apparently it's not doing him any good now because he has no fracking idea what's going on.
So how's he helping us then?
But what I do know, and this is the important thing, it is important to ground yourself.
So don't allow yourself to be spun around.
I accept there are many things that I do not know, and I'm quite happy to say that.
The problem with society today is too many people are scared to say, I don't know.
They think by saying that, they come across as an idiot or stupid, and they will lose credibility.
So they will make up some bullshit story.
No, it's not.
The reason why that's stupid is because we are four years into this lie.
And if you are still at the stage where you don't know, and you're arguing for more people to admit that they don't know, you're not really helping anyone.
We need people to understand that this was a lie.
We need people to understand how they lied about it.
And you're supposed to believe that he's got nothing to offer, really, except for, you know,
You just got to admit you don't know.
Some people are just afraid to admit that they don't know.
Some people are just being told, instructed not to question the novel virus that killed millions and millions more were saved from that likely came from gain of function and therefore will come again.
their flag to one mass, whereas I just say I actually don't know.
I have I think it might be this.
I think it might be that.
But I do know what I think it might be this.
He's never going to he's never going to show you any useful understanding.
He's never going to show you that he's grown in his understanding, become more sophisticated in his his grasp of what might have happened.
It's never going to happen because that's not what he's there for.
He's there to waste your time.
He's there to make sure that there's enough noise on his channel from Sasha Latupova and Meryl Nass and Robert Malone that people like Mike Yeadon and I can be put behind paywalls and it's all well and good.
Keep in mind that I had one interview, my first interview with Doc Malek, was put behind a paywall.
The second one wasn't, but the second one was crap.
He talked for like half the time, and it was me repeating stuff that he apparently didn't understand from the first one, and still doesn't understand now.
So despite all these possibilities, he's never really bothered to do any reading on his own, because he's got another podcast tomorrow, I guess.
This is one of the biggest bullshitters on Earth right now.
He's a gigantic fraud, and I feel very bad for him, because it's not gonna go well.
If he keeps this charade up, it's the only way to see it as a charade.
If he can talk to Sasha Latupova for a couple hours, this guy might as well be Shannon Joy.
I mean, what are we dealing with here?
Is this another EpiGirl?
Probably.
That's the best way to see it, I think, is an epigirl.
I mean, of all the people in the UK that could be lauded as heroes, you know, I mean, seriously, this guy?
Come on.
Come on!
I'm grounding myself now.
In reality, I know where up is and where down is and where forward is, where back is.
I do know medical ethics went out the window.
I do know our freedom and our liberty were taken away from us.
When did you figure that out, Doc?
2022, was that when you figured it out?
When was that exactly?
Did you figure that out?
That's strange to me.
Ever properly returned.
I do know bodily autonomy went out the window.
I do know there was no informed consent.
Not one person, not one of the billions of people who took those experimental shots had informed consent.
I do know that mandates are the exact opposite of medical ethics.
I do know that our politicians failed us.
Our medics failed us.
Our judiciary failed us.
Our legal system failed us.
Our law enforcement failed us.
The pharmaceutical companies did exactly what they've always done.
They never failed us.
They're crooks, and they always have been.
Everyone failed us.
These are the things that ground me in reality, and I know I'm not some crazy conspiracy theorist.
I know this is conspiracy reality.
So that's the illusion.
The illusion is that they failed us, see?
He wants you to accept the same thing that Robert Malone, Meryl Nass, and everybody else, that it was a bungled response, that they went totalitarian and they shouldn't have.
And so we better make better rules.
We better make sure that the who doesn't change the treaty in the wrong ways.
Each country
had its unique set of weaknesses that were exploited.
Each country needs to close those weaknesses, cure those fear, fix those weaknesses, close those loopholes.
And anybody that's making international arguments about international solutions because this is an international problem is a liar.
It's not an international problem and it's an American problem that we can get rid of the PREP Act and they don't have the ability to declare an emergency in the first place.
Then we can work on other laws.
None of these people are making that argument.
None of these people are able to say anything useful because they don't have any fracking idea.
No, I think you encapsulated it extremely well, and I totally agree with you.
What did he say?
He didn't say anything.
I'm happy to say I don't know.
I've been saying this the whole time.
Just like you, I'm not sure about certain things.
I think it could be this or that.
There's these different scenarios.
And so you're such an adult that you decided you don't have to figure out for yourself.
You know, I just don't know which used car to buy.
It's just so hard to figure it out.
So I guess I'm just going to admit, I don't know.
I might as well just go to the car lot and let the used car salesman tell me what I should buy.
Cause I just don't know.
It's just too much.
They're giving everybody that listens to this the excuse to say, I just don't know.
I could never learn this.
It's too complicated.
These people are too smart.
These arguments are too detailed.
I mean, if Doc Malek can't figure it out and he's podcasting full-time, how the hell am I going to figure it out while I'm raising three kids and trying to coach basketball and all this?
I might as well just give up.
I might as well just give up is the message that both of these jackasses are sending.
They both had me on their podcast.
They're both making jokes here.
They don't know anything.
I never heard anybody talk very smart about this stuff.
Nobody ever really made any sense to me.
So I just got to keep podcasting, I guess.
Maybe someday it'll click.
I think what we can agree on is what you say is that this was to usher in totalitarianism, a permanent biosecurity, total recall sort of state.
So would they lie about it in order to do that, you two dumbasses?
Of course they would lie about it.
You know that.
That's why you're doing your podcasts.
That's why your podcasts have risen to where they are.
They get on AM radio, they get around the world.
This is bullshit.
These people are bullshitting us.
Or the very, very best case scenario.
This guy's not willing to commit because he doesn't want to risk his bread money.
Just like Malick's not willing to commit to anything because, you know, I just want to have the best podcast, a really high quality.
Mark, it's not high enough quality, Mark, and I'm trying for really high quality audio podcasts with punch.
He's not trying to save the world, he's trying to make a podcast that's got good punch, that's controversial, that people like to listen to, that sponsors will get into so that he can eventually be the chief surgical and medical officer of the wellness company or some shit.
These people are not saving our grandkids.
They are not fighting the vaccine schedule of America as a criminal enterprise.
They're not trying to teach anybody the biology that would save them, because they just don't have any fracking idea.
Definitively, that was what it was.
One of the main things it was to do.
And then, you know, I do have further questions, your thoughts on, you know, as you mentioned, the WHO World Government Treaty, as I like to call it, the big pharma death cult.
You know, you, apparently you were cancelled.
You don't exist.
I'm talking to a ghost right now.
There have been, I've talked on my TNT show, Dr. Mark Trocey in Canada.
I'm a big fan of his in Ontario.
He just got his license taken away.
You had on Charles Hoff as well, I think in Canada, he's fighting a lawsuit.
So there's still doctors, many doctors across the planet have been cancelled.
Some have even disappeared and died under suspicious circumstances.
So what's sort of been your experience as a doctor being cancelled?
Yeah, I mean, I've just pinned you something over.
So he's not gonna, I bet you dollars to donuts, he's not gonna give you any details about when it happened.
He's not gonna say, so I was arguing with my boss in the hallway of the Pittsburgh School of Medicine and arguing with them that they were telling me to read the New York Times and I was calling them morons, that they had a university at a medical school and in a faculty and walking around the halls as tenure track faculty members and they're telling each other,
to read the new york times how stupid it sounded and i was so angry about it in 2020 they told me never to come back in because they didn't feel comfortable that's not going to be the story here he's not going to give you any details about how it exactly fell apart for him and his family and his career they recruited this guy
on Telegram, have a look at it and read the app.
It's very relevant to what you said.
And look at the time.
So it's, you know, it's pretty hot.
It's pretty current.
All right.
So someone just, I guess just today says, hi, I was trying to find you earlier in Gantz.
I hope you're okay.
I'm great.
Thanks.
No longer practicing canceled surgery.
And I've left the GMC voluntarily had enough of the profession.
And the lady says, sorry to hear that, but glad you're well.
He left voluntarily.
I'm sorry.
We're very clear about that, right?
That's not canceled.
If you quit and start your own business or your own LLC or your own 501c3 and start getting paid $220,000 a year like Pierre Kory, it's not exactly the same as getting cancelled.
If you lose your job at some shitty hippie university in Oregon and the settlement is $500,000, it's not exactly getting cancelled.
If you get to then start a podcast and get to go in front of the Senate and whine about what your settlement didn't provide for your family because your dad didn't set you up well enough.
This is all a joke to me.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are under attack by traitors, Americans who work for weaponized piles of money that are willing to lie to you in order to make sure that you do not usefully inform yourself so that you can save your children from slavery.
And whether these two guys are witting or unwitting participants in it, I don't really care.
But I'm pretty sure Malik's gotta know.
I'm pretty sure this guy's gotta know.
I've had two hours of conversation with both of them, this one a long time ago.
So to just casually drop some of the ideas that I'm talking about, some of the word combinations that I use, and just gloss over them as though both of you haven't talked to me, just the lowest kind of slimeball fakers I've ever imagined you could encounter.
It's extraordinary.
It's like they interview people, and they say, wow, I really understand.
Your ideas are really cool.
You're so, you finally cleared up some things for me.
And then they go on to the next one.
They say exactly the same thing.
Wow, Peter McCullough, you really cleared everything up.
Wow, Robert Malone, don't get so angry.
You really are smart.
Wow, that's awesome.
What are you up to now?
Never been happier as well with you.
So I guess patients are still seeking you out.
That's a doctor.
So that's a private doctor.
And she used to refer me patients, you know, every six months or whatever.
So you know, she's a private family doctor in central London.
And you know, anytime someone
injures themselves or has a problem, she would ring me and say, oh, I've got this patient.
I want your advice.
Should I should I send a patient to you?
What do you think?
And I actually operated on her.
She had a trauma.
She broke her foot and I had to fix it.
So, you know, she trusts me because, you know, I ended up fixing her foot.
But yeah, that's my life now.
You know, you know, you know, she you know, like you said, you just she just said, you know, I can't find you.
I'm canceled.
I'm a ghost.
You know, I'm a ghost now.
I've been wiped out, you know.
You know, if someone said to me, you know, last year,
You know, you'll be, you'll have, you'll, you'll no longer be able to practice your 25 year surgical career.
Last year.
So if someone said it last year, so it's really only been a year.
It's just fake.
He's been elevated with fake censorship, fake cancellation designed specifically to make sure that some podcast in the UK would take off and could be circulated.
And part of this, this team worst case scenario that just can't seem to figure it out.
They have just no frackin' idea after hundreds of hours of podcasting.
I still don't know, man.
They all sound good to me.
Here, everything you work for has come to an end.
You know, imagine like, you know, as a child, 14, 15 year old, you're working, sitting all these exams, trying to get, you know, the grades so that you can get the interviews.
Does he seem like he's angry about losing a job or losing a career?
Does he seem really pissed?
med school, then you go to five med school interviews and you have rejections and then you get accepted.
And then imagine how excited you are.
Then you go to med school, five years of grueling lectures, exams every month.
Then you have to do the junior doctor years and then struggle to get onto a surgical rotation.
And then from that, do the research, the hard work and get onto a higher surgical rotation.
and navigate past that, do fellowships, get a consultant job, become a consultant at the age of 36.
You know, I became a consultant.
So from the age of about 14, 15, I started this journey to become a doctor and a consultant.
And I didn't become a consultant until I was 36.
And then at the age of 48, you get told
And it's all over son.
We don't want you anymore.
Not because any patient's upset with you.
Not because you're a dangerous surgeon.
Actually, it turns out you're really good.
And patients don't want to complain about you.
But we don't like what you're saying.
They don't like what you're saying.
So we're gonna make make life so difficult for you.
That you know what, you can't you can't tolerate it anymore.
And so that's where I'm right now.
I just don't have a lot of pity for him because it doesn't sound true to me.
Basically, you know, speaking up for medical ethics, standing up for the truth, calling- What truth?
What ethics?
When did you stand up?
Who did you save?
They murdered people in 2020 and 2021 and 2022 when you were still doing something else.
I guess building the, building the garden shed that you film in now, putting together that TIE fighter.
Yeah, all the bullshit in this world, this clown world.
And I'm not a single issue person.
You know, I'm not, oh, you know, the transgender, we need to fight the transgender or, you know, oh, we needed early treatment.
I'm the Ivermectin person.
You know, I'm not I'm not a super specialist in one area.
I I am seeing the bigger picture now.
All right.
I thought you'd had no frackin' idea.
What's the bigger picture?
I can't wait to hear it.
Multiple pieces of the jigsaw puzzle.
And, uh, trust me, Hrovje, I... Is it Hrovje?
Hrvoje.
Sorry.
I've totally messed up your name.
It's my f... Sorry.
You know, people do this to me all the time.
Now you know what it feels like to me.
Ah-ah-ah-mad.
So mad.
I'm mad.
You know what?
You know my, my, you know, this is digressing.
Do you know, honestly, when I was a little kid, I moved school once, and the teacher brought me to the front and said, what's your name?
I went, Ahmed.
Everyone, this is Muhammad Ali.
I was like, what?
You just reminded me, have you seen that skit with the ventriloquist guy, Ahmad the Dead Terrorist?
No, I'm gonna send it to you.
That made me laugh laugh out loud years ago.
But uh, uh, anyways, yeah anyway Yeah, yeah I still can't do it.
You just say her Herb Herb, right?
So where were we so basically So basically her yeah, they don't they want they they just don't want me Practicing for speaking up and because i'm connecting all the dots i'm seeing all the jigsaw puzzle pieces and I don't say I have all the pieces
I wonder what pieces he's got.
I can't wait for him to tell us one of those pieces.
You know, I think it's like a little children's piece initially, like 20 pieces.
And I go, Oh, I got 10 pieces.
I know what this is.
And then suddenly I realized I said a hundred piece jigsaw puzzle.
And then I get 50 pieces.
I go, Oh shit, it's 500.
The more time goes by, the more I realize I have no idea what's going on.
But what I do understand is there are multiple issues and they're all linked.
So whether it's a climate scam, financial system,
political system, the mass migration, invasion, the mRNA jabs and pandemics, the transgender ideology.
You know, I mean, we could go on and on, dude.
The endless wars.
They're all linked.
So I'm not a single issue guy.
I'm trying to connect the dots.
And my podcast is trying to cover all of these and make people realise there is a bigger game afoot.
Because thinking like a surgeon and a doctor, which can't help because I've been, it's been more, I have my life, you know, more than half my life.
And when you're treating an illness or a disease or an injury,
One, you have to understand that there is a problem.
That's number one.
Number two, you need a diagnosis.
You cannot treat symptoms.
If you treat symptoms, you're not treating the root cause.
So what's the diagnosis, Malik?
They'll come back.
So you need to understand, first of all, there is a problem.
Then you need to understand what the problem is.
Then you need to start... He's got no fracking idea what the problem is.
He just got through explaining that for a half an hour.
I don't understand how much more contradiction can we have in one interview and we're not even 15 minutes in.
Treatment options.
And the treatment options are typically multifactorial.
You shouldn't always just focus on one thing as an operation.
You know, I used to say, maybe lose weight, optimize your weight, reduce your stress levels, you know, and improve your diet, get some physiotherapy, adjust your footwear, you know, and then you attack the problem from multiple things because
The root problem never really is one issue.
There were multiple issues that led to the problem developing in the first place.
So to fix that problem, the idea that it's just one thing you need to do to fix it is ridiculous as well.
You need to attack all the things that led you to that point.
But going back to where we are right now, the clown world, the inverted world, upside down world, can I swear on the show?
The shit show world, you know, the shit show world.
You know, we need to identify that there are multiple avenues to where we have come to this point in time.
And if we don't address all of them somehow, we won't fix anything.
We won't make the world a better place.
It's just pathetic.
I've been trying to do that for over a decade on my podcast as well, talking to everyone from all walks on different subjects and to piece everything together.
That's why I call it geopolitics and empire.
We talked about that on your podcast, right?
Geopolitics, the science of how things work.
And then it's all about
empire right globalism and I love your attitude maybe we can talk about that later that you don't you don't skip a beat you know as you just outlined decades of your life's work and you don't skip a beat you know I've got um from the art of manliness Rudyard Kipling's poem right in front of me if where he he says specifically you know if if you he says um you you risk all of your winnings on one turn of pitch and toss and you lose and you start again at your beginning and never breathe a word about your loss
You're a man, and that's what you're doing, and what many of us, friends of mine, have had to do.
What?
Seriously?
Did he just say what I think he just said?
Did he just encourage people not to apologize for the mistakes they made, not to admit that they screwed up?
What kind of bullshit was that?
And I love your attitude.
Maybe we can talk about that later, that you don't you don't skip a beat, you know, as you just outlined decades of your life's work and you don't skip a beat.
You know, I've got from the art of manliness, Rudyard Kipling's poem right in front of me, if where he says specifically, you know, if you he says you risk all of your winnings on one turn of pitch and toss and you lose and you start again at your beginning and never breathe a word about your loss.
you're a man and that's what that's what you're what you're doing and what many of us friends of mine have had to do they've been fired from their jobs for not wanting to be injected with pentagon juices i uh i call it and so what would be your we all we all have to try you know to extrapolate what what would be your sort of master thesis as to what
they're trying to do because, you know, we've got the WHO pandemic treaty, the international health regulations.
I talked last week to James Roguski, who's really on that.
And so what are your thoughts about that?
That's the fourth time we've mentioned the WHO and the IHR times four now.
And then he's now mentioning Roguski.
We might be headed.
All right.
OK.
Yeah.
I mean, going back to your your geopolitics podcast, it really is epic, by the way, really is epic.
Oh, just flattery again.
Epic podcast, by the way.
That last one that I listened to is Rurik was classic.
Fantastic.
So I just want to say, you know.
I've really moved over to.
I don't think he understands what Kipling meant either.
It's absolutely disgusting what happened there.
I mean, I'm just shocked.
I don't even know where to begin listening to a lot of your podcasts.
And I'll be honest with you, because I just find some of the other ones that I was listening to, they're just too frivolous and too.
I used to listen to a lot of James and Joe Rogan.
And I feel something's happened.
You know,
He talks about Elon Musk all the time, and it's like, yawn.
He talks about transhumanism, yawn.
He talks about Russian bots all the time, yawn.
It's just the same stuff coming, and it's almost like, are you being paid to say all this stuff?
It's like, I'm not interested.
And I listen to you.
Oh, so Rogan's being paid, but he's not.
And this is just really basic psychological warfare here.
Accuse your enemy of what you're doing.
I mean, this is pathetic.
I just find it hilarious to me.
And I go, nah, don't want to listen to it.
And I pop yours on.
And I think, you know, I wrote my substat today, you know, why geopolitics should interest everyone and its effect on health, freedom, and happiness.
You know, I posted our conversation.
Because it impacts every aspect of our lives and health.
So, you know, really well done for the work that you've been doing and the amazing guests that you've been getting on.
But I mean, before I talk about the bigger picture and what I think is going on and, you know, appreciate that I might be wrong, you know, let's talk about this IHR who thing.
And, you know, I'm not going to say I'm plagiarizing this.
I'm taking this from David Thunder's Freedom Blog sub stack, right?
He's a. You know, he's done some great work on this, and he talks about these proposed amendments to the IHR and it would set in motion a dangerous who led global bureaucracy, and that's what we're worried about.
And the thing is, you know, the WHO are going to get together, they're going to have a world assembly, 27th of May to the 1st of June, and they're going to talk about these IHR amendments.
And if a simple majority of the delegates... Now, interestingly enough, right, we, you may be familiar, if you've been on Twitter today, that all of those people that I call meddlers were all there for this talk that he was plugging a couple months before it happened.
Steve Kirsch is there.
Asim Malhotra is there.
Brett Weinstein's there.
Jessica Rose is there.
Brian Cole is there.
They're all there.
At this thing that a couple months ago, he thought he needed to mention already on a podcast to make sure that everybody who's listening knows that the WHO is important and the international health regulations are important, mentioning five times now.
And a meeting where all of these people have been, where the contents of the meeting are being broadcast live by CHD.
That's pretty extraordinary level of continuity in the heads up system that seems to be happening here supposedly at random.
tickets, vote yay, then unless the heads of state formally reject them within, you know, 10 months of that period, they will be passed through and be, you know, be ratified.
And it's then, you know, you're bound by international law.
And the funny thing about that is,
Think about that.
It's a passive thing.
So it's not like the heads of state have to vote for it.
The governments have to discuss it.
And it's going through Parliament or the Assembly.
And they're voting.
And then there's a democratic process.
If they don't say anything or do anything, it's going to happen anyway.
Do you see how clever that is?
So it's just implied, you know, that, yeah, this is going to pass through.
This is the same, the same story, internet, you know, membership things that you do, you know, go try.
It's the same story that Meryl Nass is selling.
It's the same story that that they're all selling right now, that we have to think about the who, that there's nothing that we could do at home.
There's nothing that we could do in the UK to change things.
There's nothing we could do in Canada or in America to change things.
We've got a rally against the who.
And that's why just this week, Bret Weinstein declared on his podcast that we had had a major victory.
That's why this week, Meryl Nass said that, I don't know what you guys are doing, but I'm drinking champagne because we just had a major victory against the who.
Stop lying.
This is all part of the show.
It's all part of the slow roll show.
This is just another epi girl who's saying what he's told to say at the right time and nothing more because he's got no frackin' idea.
Free trial for 28 days.
And when you do the 28 days, you know, free trial, you have to give all your bank details.
And they go, if you don't cancel within a certain period, we're going to charge you for a year or whatever.
You have to actively cancel it.
If you don't do anything or if you forget or whatever, that's it.
You're paying up.
You're signed up.
It's kind of dodgy tactics.
And that's what they're doing.
And these IHR, there's lots of amendments.
But David did some really good work and distilled it into eight key things.
I'm not going to go through it all.
But basically what it does is instead of the WHO being just simple, you know, the WHO is giving information, the WHO is now the source of all the advice and guidance and is the coordinating authority.
So instead of the national governments having their public health officials and scientists and experts deciding how to react to something, it's now going to be the WHO and its team of experts.
Now you're creating a single point of failure.
So whereas before you've got redundancies, some countries might get it right, some countries might get it wrong.
Now everything's going to be done by the who.
And not just that, you need to understand that normally when it's a government, it should be elected and representing the people.
Now you've got the who.
Who elected them?
Who are they representing?
And where's the funding coming from?
And as we know, I've spoken to, for example, David Bell, who was a, who worked for the, who is an insider, worked with Bill Gates as well, who is now heavily funded and influenced by corporations and individuals.
Gavi and Bill and Gates, Middle India Foundation, individual, you know, companies and big pharma.
And the way they work with their money when they donate, it's not like
Buddy, I really like you.
You know what?
Here's 10 pound.
I want to give you 10 but not for people obviously, but are we really supposed to believe that this little dipshit is the is the guy we should be listening to about international law the UN and the who This is what he's learned since he decided to pull his head out Since he got cancelled and voluntarily quit because they made it so hard on him.
I
What a tremendous liar.
What a traitor to UK.
Like he hasn't even mentioned one murder in the UK yet.
What a traitor.
Anyone from the UK that sees this guy talking to an American and not saying that they murdered people in the UK, man, and they lied about it.
They starved people.
They let people die of urinary tract infections, of cold, of lack of water, and midazolam.
Has he said that yet?
No, he has not.
But he's talked plenty about the who.
And he's talked plenty about his own, wow, I was really suffering boy.
He sure is a suffering guy.
OK, I'll send you $10 of Bitcoin.
And you're like, thanks, Ahmed.
And then I go, no, no, there's a catch.
And you go, there's a catch?
I go, yeah, Herve, um, Herve, Herve, Herve, Herve.
Still can't say it, Herve.
Basically, you can only spend those $10 on tacos.
And you go, tacos.
I want petrol.
Nope, I'm giving you $10 tacos.
And you're like, all right, OK, I don't want to eat tacos tonight.
I don't have tacos.
There's another catch.
What?
What's the next catch?
Well, these tacos, you have to buy them from my shop.
It's like, you know, it just came ridiculous.
So they apply funding, but then there's, you know, they've got stipulations on how the money is spent, what they spend it on.
Guess what?
A lot of it is spent on vaccines.
And why do you need vaccines?
Well, you need vaccines for viruses.
Why do you need viruses everywhere?
Well, there might be a deadly virus, so-called pandemic.
So now you're looking for them.
So one of the other things this thing does is it wants you to create this system where you're constantly looking for potential causes of viruses and outbreaks.
So you've got this pandemic preparedness industry.
You're sampling and testing.
Guess what?
You're going to find millions of viruses and mutations everywhere.
Every time you find a mutation, you're going to go, oh my god.
there's a pandemic, but you know, it doesn't even have to be a pandemic.
One of the things that David pointed out was, um, number seven, I think it was, it wasn't even like there is a pandemic.
It's, there's a potential for one.
It's, you know, it's removing the terminology so that it's like, there may be, you know, the potential for an emergency.
And then they use vague terms like, you know, an emergent problem or, or
Is anybody going to take this guy seriously that these are his ideas?
Really?
Is he still saying anything useful or not really?
Pandemic potential was created by lying.
He could explain it very simply, but he's not.
you know, an intermediate problem or an emergency.
And it's like, what do they actually, what do they actually mean by these terms?
Like what?
And if you think about it, they called COVID a pandemic.
Really?
On what basis?
Now their definition of pandemic has changed, you know, recently, well, 2014 or whatever it was.
This is such bullshit.
This is stuff that people were talking about it in 2020.
It's now 2024.
Is he really retelling this stupid shit about the definition of a pandemic, the definition of a vaccine being changed?
It happened while he was still working.
Why hasn't Herb asked him whether he took the shot or not since he didn't come out?
Did he take the shot in order to work?
Didn't you have to take the shot in order to work?
Where are the real questions?
The layperson, if you say, you know, what do you think a pandemic is?
You think it's this deadly contagion spreading wildly across the world, killing lots of people.
Am I right?
Well, that definition has now changed, and I don't know what the latest one is, but it doesn't, it's just basically any kind of virus, infection, you know, whatever, contagion, but there's no deadly component to it anymore.
So if you look at COVID, the average age of death, you know, of COVID and nothing else was greater than the average life expectancy.
Did you hear that?
So if your average life expectancy, for example, in the UK is 78, 79, the average age of someone dying of COVID was 82.
So having COVID meant you lived longer than average.
It was crazy.
And so what's deadly about that?
And, you know, and the data that came through
And please tell me you hear that he has still not explained that they murdered people.
He's explaining that they died of COVID.
These old people died of COVID.
After we watched some of those documentaries about Scotland and the UK, do you think those people died of COVID?
If you're not really angry right now at this little shit, this little mealy mouth piece of shit,
traitor for the UK and everywhere else.
He still hasn't said that they murdered people in the UK.
He said that old people died of it.
He lives longer then.
He's laughing about it.
And I don't know what the latest one is, but it doesn't, it's just basically any kind of virus infection, you know, whatever, contagion, but there's no deadly component to it anymore.
So if you look at COVID, the average age of death, you know, of COVID and nothing else was greater than the average life expectancy.
Did you hear that?
So if your average life expectancy, for example, in the UK is 78 or 79, the average age of someone dying of COVID was 82.
So having COVID meant you lived longer than average.
It was crazy.
So after all this study and after all this podcasting, he's pretty sure you can still just have COVID.
COVID's a thing.
He's not even gotten so far as to question whether COVID is a thing.
He's a doctor.
Thomas Bender questions whether it's a thing.
Sukrit Bhakti questions whether it's a thing.
Mike Yeadon questions whether it's a thing.
I question whether it's a thing.
He doesn't.
Malone doesn't.
Corey doesn't.
Cole doesn't.
McCullough doesn't.
Ladies and gentlemen, wake up.
And so what's deadly about that?
And the data that came through, it wasn't any worse than an average seasonal flu.
And then if you look at the way it spread, you had these hotspots in New Jersey, New York, and Lombardy, and London.
But then just across the state line, or just across another country, there was nothing going on.
You had problems in Spain, but maybe not in Portugal, or nothing in Malta, nothing in France.
You know, it was just, what kind of virus does that?
You know, this so deadly, contagious virus, with people flying.
Remember, planes were flying.
People were embarking, disembarking, all the time.
I mean, you know those movies where they show the red dots, and they're covering the whole Earth?
That never happened.
And if you ask the average person on the street, did you see anyone fall down and drop dead?
Do you know anyone who died of COVID?
Most people shrug their shoulders and go, no.
So there's nothing really deadly about COVID.
There's nothing really special about COVID.
And most people recovered from it.
And if they recovered from it.
So COVID, COVID, COVID, COVID is, COVID is real.
COVID is real.
COVID is real, but it wasn't bad.
I mean, COVID is real.
COVID is definitely real, but I mean, COVID isn't as bad as they said COVID would be real, COVID.
means their immune system was amazing, and it meant that their immune system recognized something about this, and it wasn't that novel as they were saying.
Oh, so that sounds a lot like Kevin McKernan in April 24th, 2020, when everything has an ancestor, and so it's not novel.
I mean, they're lying if they say it's novel.
We're not even testing in the backwoods of China.
There's no sequencing there, so who knows how long.
It could have been 40 or 80 years circulating in the background of China, according to Kevin McKernan, on the 24th of April, 2020.
And now here's him saying the same thing in 2024.
That's great.
That's just great, isn't it?
I'm thinking about your body.
He said, I know you, mister.
I mean, you're slightly different, but you're not that different.
I don't know how to tackle you and deal with you.
So the WHO said this was a pandemic, and we had all the lockdowns and all this nonsense.
And, you know, remember Professor Neil Ferguson's modeling, his faulty modeling, and I think it was report A or whatever it was.
It wasn't even a peer-reviewed paper.
It was just basically an opinion with shitty modeling.
If you put rubbish into a model, you get rubbish out.
And, you know, he was like, oh my God, this many people are going to die.
And people took that.
So what is the rubbish that you put into a model, Ahmed?
Come on, Ahmed, what's the rubbish that you put into a model you're so freaking smart?
It's data.
The model that was fed data that was based on murder.
Murder in New York, murder in Lombardy, probably murder in the UK was used to extend those models into time.
Murder.
Data about murder was filed and fed.
It's not just garbage in, garbage out.
Tell me what you know.
The garbage that they put into those models was based on mass casualty events that were probably created by murder.
The pulse ox debacle and the high flow nasal oxygen drama.
debacle that you can't seem to talk about because you've got it all figured out you know there's a lot of puzzle pieces so every time i think i got 10 puzzle pieces now i find out it's a hundred piece puzzle so i got no frackin idea governments took that and who took this and they ran the whole covid plan shit show so they got it wrong they got wrong big time so we know they get it wrong you got it wrong otherwise you would have been out doing something you're still getting it wrong you don't know anything
Human beings, they're just people and they're heavily influenced by Big Pharma.
And now we're going to give them the power to do this again and again and again and bypass national sovereignty and national experts and public health officials.
So, you know, it's basically centralization.
And the best thing about centralization is the mafia cabal loves it because instead of going around to 10 people or 100 people and bribing them and extort.
He would have made a great radar, though.
I mean, he would have made a great radar though.
That guy would make a great radar on mass.
Tell me I'm wrong.
King from them and threatening them.
And they just go to one person.
All right.
You're, you're in charge of all these people, but all we need to do is put the pressure on you and you'll do what we tell you.
And then everyone else will fall in line.
So centralization is a bad thing.
And again, if you go back to that chat that I had with David Bell, he was telling me like, look, a lot of these people in the who, you know, they came, they're good people.
They come from the third world.
They don't have that much money.
Suddenly they're in Geneva.
Living it up.
Larging it up.
Big house.
Swimming pool.
Private schooling.
Health insurance.
Their family member might be sick and now suddenly they're getting healthcare.
It's a crucial number.
Once they arrive, they don't want to go back.
It's a nice place to live.
Good food.
Nice in the summer.
Skiing in the winter.
What's not to love?
So you're saying that they lied.
Without saying that they lied.
I mean, how long is it gonna take for him to just say that these people have so many different reasons to lie?
It's hard for me to list them all.
They have so many different ways they've lied, it's hard to list them all.
Why are we not able to say this?
Why is no one able to say this but me?
What the hell is going on here?
They use all these words to say nothing.
They want to stay.
And people stay.
No one really goes.
And to stay, you need to conform.
You don't want to upset anyone.
You don't want to upset your funders.
Oh, hello, whatever foundation.
You're giving us $5 million and you want us to do this?
Oh, OK, we'll do that.
Yeah, and my job and all my people below me, their jobs depend on your funding and grant.
We'll go along.
That's what's happening.
It's just simple human incentives and corruption.
But that's not to say that there aren't some evil individuals at the top driving this.
So ultimately, what this whole IHR and WHO is doing is creating a supernational layer above sovereign states.
And it's the embryo of the one world government.
the embryo of the one world government.
So how should we get to the abortion of the one world government?
Are you going to give us a solution to that or that's just your...
You're just explaining to us how the embryo will go through blastula to, you know, whatever, right?
You're just explaining the embryonic development of the New World Order or what?
Like, what the hell is this?
Let's bypass sovereign states.
They don't know what they're doing.
The WHO is deciding what needs to be done, this emergency, whatever it might be.
And I forgot to mention the other thing that IHR WHO want to do is, you know, they want to expand the WHO emergency power.
he looked down at his notes again and forgot that he mentioned forgot to mention one thing so under these revised regulations you know david talks about the director of the who you know who is some people say a terrorist and isn't even a medical doctor
I call him Tedros the terrorist, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Based on the opinion, advice of the emergency committee, and you know, who is the emergency committee?
Who elected them, right?
They may designate an event as having the potential to develop into a public health emergency of international concern.
And then the Health and Human Services Secretary will declare an emergency under the PREP Act, and then all this shit will follow.
If we want it to stop, we fall out of the WHO, we fall out of the UN, and we repeal the PREP Act.
It's pretty easy.
Of course, as a UK guy, he probably doesn't know this, or pretends that he doesn't know it, and so he doesn't have any obligation to say it.
But there's an American on this stream who apparently, after all this podcasting, still hasn't figured out priority list.
Holy balls, we are in trouble.
We are in really big trouble.
communicate this and recommend measures to state parties.
Did you hear that?
Potential.
So it doesn't even need to be one.
They just think it's got the potential of something.
And then they can start telling the states what to do.
And the states are under legal obligation to kind of like follow and do as they're told.
And, you know, this concept of a potential health emergency is pretty dangerous, along with the idea of intermediate emergency.
Why is he reading so much?
So who knows what a potential or intermediate emergency amounts to?
I mean, what does that actually mean?
No one knows.
No one will tell you.
And then the other thing they talk about is health measures.
No solutions.
The solutions are very simple.
Call them lies.
Get out of the vaccine schedule and the UN and the WHO.
They're not talking about this.
They're giving you all the details.
They're making sure you understand how it's going to work so that when you actually get trapped, the hog cage closes.
You won't be surprised.
You won't panic.
how to take us gently into this new future through chaos.
And that's documents containing information on a laboratory test for pathogen or information on vaccination.
So they're now validating these WHO digital health certificates, you know, these vaccine passports.
So, you know, prohibitive testing, you know, this costs people.
So if you're not vaccinated, you know, you remember twenty one, twenty three, you have to spend so much money on these stupid tests.
So, you know, and it resulted in twenty one and twenty three.
What what what is he talking about?
But the tests are validating these who digital health certificates, you know, these vaccine passports.
So, you know, prohibitive testing, you know, this costs people.
So if you're not vaccinated, you know, you remember twenty one, twenty three, you have to spend so much money on these stupid tests.
So and it resulted in thousands of probably tens of thousands of people vaccinating.
I mean, that's not true.
That millions.
David's wrong there.
Millions of people were vaccinated because they wanted to travel.
Everybody pretty much who I ask, you know, why did you get the shot?
I really need to go on holiday.
I really need to travel for business.
That's how Malone did it, right?
He said he had to do it for travel and then he's probably lied about it because, again, why?
Because Stephen Hadfield said that he didn't have his card when they went to Rome together.
Seems kind of weird, you know, I mean, if you got the vaccine and you're pissed, which is Robert Malone was pissed because
Peter Cullis told them that they had figured it out when apparently they hadn't.
So he took the vaccine because he thought it would help with his long COVID that he had.
And he had to travel.
And then he gets all the way to Rome and he forgot his damn card.
So that was pretty stupid.
So they'll be able to push all this through.
You know, you can't travel anymore.
Oh, you know, you don't have that.
You're not up to date with your jabs.
And it won't be like, oh, you had your three jabs.
You're fine.
Oh, you haven't had your latest booster.
Last time, you know, you didn't have your 82nd booster.
When will it stop?
So this is just me scratching the surface on this IHR and who.
But what it essentially is, going back to that bigger jigsaw puzzle, is everything is heading towards one world government.
And in some respects, I feel like we're already there.
If you look, our high streets are all the same, same shops, same malls, same TV programs everywhere, same social media, same apps, same music.
There's no diversity of culture.
And I weep for that.
You know, I want to go to a different country and taste different food, see different shops, buy different things, different clothes.
But actually everything's the same.
Everything's homogenous, big business rules everywhere.
Health care has become super standardized.
I mean, people think the NHS here in the UK is very different from American health care.
No.
So he knows apparently that they're the same.
It's all the same.
It's the same thing.
And this is a lie.
Each of our prisons is very different.
America is very different from the UK, the American healthcare system, the public health system, the military system, parliament versus Congress.
This is a lie because he doesn't want you to be sophisticated enough to know how easily Americans could pull ourselves out of this.
If we elected the right people and just did it, it can be hard, but not impossible.
Because the bottom line is that if we're all motivated and we're all engaged in the system in America, then if they cheat, we'll all know.
It'll be obvious.
The problem is now we're not all engaged in the American system and so they can cheat.
It won't be obvious to us because we didn't lay in line to vote.
None of us signed up to be an elector.
None of us signed up to be on the electoral commission so that we could be at a poll.
And so we're not ready for this election.
This presidential election is going to go exactly how they want it to.
And it doesn't matter how many of us register and how many of us show up at the polls.
The script is already written.
I'm convinced of it.
The question is, can we get enough dominoes ahead so that their script will not work the way that they want it to work and that people won't buy into it the way that they want people to buy into it?
You don't have to know what the script is to get several dominoes ahead of them when they're making mistakes like promoting this clown.
There's managed health care everywhere.
If you look at the uniparty systems, everywhere you go, every country is the same.
Left, right.
They're all going to Davos.
They're all part of the WEF.
They're all the same.
Everything's the same.
And they have the same ideas on climate change.
They have the same idea about transgender issues.
Same, same, same, same, same.
And I almost feel like we're already there.
We've got this one world government.
And oh, you know the ultimate test of how you know we're in a one world government?
So that's the third time that he's saying it.
You know how we're in the one world government?
He's telling you that we're in the one world government.
There's no reason to resist anymore because we're already there.
Where do you run to?
Where's the place we can all pack up our bags, take our suitcases and run and go.
We're going there to be free.
Everyone I speak to goes, oh man, there's nowhere.
You know, like Mexico.
Mexico is good.
Mexico, you know what, it's happening here.
We're just a few years behind everywhere else.
Wherever you go, wherever you go, it's the same story.
There is nowhere to run.
What does that tell me?
Tells me we're all ready at that one world government.
What they just haven't done is declare it.
You know, like when you open up a new building or a shop, there's an unraveling, there's a grand unraveling, a ceremony, and they open the curtain.
Cut the ribbon, right?
Cut the ribbon, open the curtains, and everybody then sees, ah, look at that, the balloons all go up.
They just haven't done that yet.
Yeah, I think you just nailed it.
I mean, we are on the same frequency.
And, you know, even for 10 or 20 years, because I've been traveling the world, I've been obsessed with foreign cultures.
And I lived in Mongolia.
And six months, I became intermediate in Mongolian.
I lived in a yurt, I had my Mongolian, what do you call it garb.
And I just I started noticing, as just as you said, if you have a one world political system, you have to have a one world economic system.
And then you have to have a one world culture.
And as you just described it, and it's it's this model.
culture.
By the way, I had David Bell on my TNT show back in 2022.
He's awesome.
What is the monoculture?
Is it Muslims and Islam?
Or is it Judaism?
Or is it Catholicism?
Or evangelistic Christian?
What is the monoculture?
Is it hip-hop?
Is it Hollywood movies?
What's the model culture that they're so convinced is already there that we have to just forget about all the other aspects of our culture that are definitely present and still strong?
What are they talking about?
They want you to believe in something.
They're telling you what to believe.
They want you to already accept something, even if it's not there.
do have to ask you, I don't want to spend a lot of time on this, and I respect everyone's opinion, but before I ask you this, I want to share this meme I came across the other day, which says, I have never regretted burning any bridges.
I've only regretted that some people weren't on them while I was doing it.
And so I don't mind getting people's opinions.
panties in a bunch so to speak and so um there's this the whole no virus no contagion thing and i just i so i'm allowed to do it but people don't like it when i do it so these guys are going to pretend that they do it now they're going to do the no virus thing i can't wait to hear what kind of uh
What kind of nuance they're able to roll out here?
I love what Mark Trosey, who I interviewed, said.
It's both a germ and terrain theory.
I was at Anarchapulco recently, and most of the people there were no virus, no contagion, except David Avocado Wolf, who I'm a big fan of and who's got, he's a big person in the old media.
He himself said, I'm like, he's 80% terrain and 20% germ because he's a farmer.
He sees fungus and infectious diseases, and I just can't, I cannot go there.
I experience in my daily life as a parent, there's constant contagion.
And from the beginning, I always believed there was no pandemic.
We can have the same views at the same time.
There was no pandemic, but infectious disease exists and it's a normal part of life.
I'm not afraid of getting sick or being around other people.
What's your take on the crowd that has a different view on this?
Yeah, so I'm just with you.
I've said it publicly multiple times.
I'm 80% terrain, 20% germ.
Why can't it be both?
I hate it when people give you binary options.
You're either with Israel or with Hamas.
Choose.
I don't choose.
Frack you.
I'm a team of humanity, right?
I mean, they always do this, whichever it is.
Are you a virus pusher?
Or are you saying you're a no virus person?
Shut up.
I don't choose either.
Maybe it's a bit of both.
Like, you know, I just I hate this kind of stuff.
I hate this kind of stuff because it means I have to learn something.
It means I have to like decide on stuff.
It means like I have to decide who's lying and decide who knows what they're talking about.
I have to think hard about concepts and, and models of reality and then consider them against each other.
And maybe even try to think whether one is based on, on conjecture and exaggeration or lies, or I just don't like it.
I just don't, I don't like any of that stuff.
That's annoying.
I'm just a podcaster.
And one thing life has taught me, it ain't black and white.
Shades of grey.
And you know what?
Keep an open mind.
Today you think this, tomorrow you'll be looking back and going, oh, what a dumb shit I was.
So just keep an open mind.
And don't be so cultish about things.
And you know what?
There's too many goddamn cults around.
Seriously, too many calls.
And the thing is, I I've just seen too much with, like you said, with the kids, with my own infections and everything.
Call it whatever you like.
There is something out there, some kind of contagion.
But at the same time, I accept we have bacteria and viruses in our bodies, on our surfaces, in our eyeballs, everywhere.
We live with them.
We live in partnership and harmony with them.
But how many times.
He does act like a podcaster with no pertinent medical experience at all.
It's really it's really remarkable.
Have I been in someone's knee, or joint, or ankle, with pus pouring out, with bacteria, and we're washing it out, and then give antibiotics?
Something's happening.
These no-virus people, or no-contagion people, are you telling me if your knee's hot, and you've got pus pouring out of it, you won't have antibiotics?
Like, seriously, you've got septicemia, you're not going to have antibiotics?
Like, you know what?
Just just be a bit humble.
You know, if your argument was so powerful, everyone would accept there's no such thing as viruses and bacteria contagion.
But it's not.
It's a bit complicated.
We're not 100 percent sure.
So just just be patient.
And I find a lot of no virus people get quite aggressive and then they get quite trolling, almost like 77th Brigade attacking you.
Oh, you are pushing the virus thing.
I don't know, man.
I don't know.
I'm totally like there's legitimate arguments in your side.
But you know what?
Equally, my life experience and what I'm seeing and you know, I can't go there yet.
You know, I just can't.
I want to keep an open mind.
I'm 80% towards terrain, but I'm 20% jump.
He's not working to figure it out.
That's the point.
He's never going to try to figure it out.
He's not going to buy the books.
He's not going to read the arguments.
He's not even going to read the the Farewell to Virology document or any of the stuff by Stefan Lanka.
He's not going to do any of that.
He's never going to get down into the weeds and say, you know, herpes virus probably exists, but Corona viruses might not, not at least in the way that they say it's it's this, he doesn't want to commit to anything.
Why do I want to work that hard when you could just podcast, not take any, any stance and make a living doing that?
Why would you ever want to take a stand on anything?
I mean, that might be, you know,
Why would you want to admit that you were wrong?
They quoted Kipling wrong for cripes sake.
What's going on here?
I'm holding on to that right now.
I can tell you right now, in January 2020, I had something.
I had something.
Before I even knew about COVID, before I even saw the people falling down and everything, I was sick as a dog.
And I've had the flu before a couple of times.
I've even had to go to the emergency room because I collapsed when I had the flu.
Don't ask.
Long story.
I bumped my head and my wife took me up.
I called the ambulance, actually.
I went in the ambulance.
I was running a massive fever.
So I've had the flu.
I know what the flu feels like.
I've had it a couple of times.
This was not like the flu.
This was not like the flu, says Mary Holland, says Meryl Nass, says Robert Malone, says Kevin McCarron, says Ahmed Malik.
Wow.
Something strange in the neighborhood.
This was strange.
This was weird.
I was very feverish, very unwell.
I didn't know you could say that.
It got a little bit better and then got really sick again, deep in my chest.
And I got antibiotics.
And at the time, I didn't know what was going on.
And that was that second.
He got antibiotics.
What would you need antibiotics for if it was a virus?
I thought if you had covid, it's something else.
Boy, that was antibiotics.
Bacterial pneumonia.
The virus knocks you out and then you get the second bacterial pneumonia.
And I lost sense of smell for four months.
And I've never had that, never like maybe a week or so, but not for not like this could taste anything, nothing.
Something happened to me.
I guarantee you that people have had this happen in their lives and they were never aware of it because they didn't pay any attention.
Because the TV hadn't told them that it was a symptom of a dangerous novel virus.
I guarantee you all these people have had it before in their lifetime, where maybe for a month, their taste buds, their smell was gone.
And they didn't notice.
They noticed, but they didn't know.
Because nobody cares.
Just like in America, we don't call in sick.
When we're sick, we go to work when we're sick.
We call in when we need vacation time.
We need a day off.
This guy doesn't know.
This guy's playing a role.
He's a traitor to the UK and everybody else.
Most importantly, he's a traitor to his own children.
Or maybe not.
Maybe he's earning multi-generational wealth right now as a result of this grift.
Maybe he's already been paid multi-generational wealth.
How do I know?
Maybe he is doing something for his kids, but not something honorable.
My wife didn't get it.
My kids didn't get it.
And that's why I wonder, you know, like JJ Cree talks about these viral clones and Sasha Latapova talks about something else similar to that, exosomes or whatever, where it's synthetic.
So it's Sasha Latapova and me saying similar things.
Holy shit.
Do you see it yet?
These clowns really think we're dumb.
That they can get away with saying shit like this in January or February and no one's going to notice that they're plugging the Geneva thing that's going to happen and everybody's going to show up and they're going to televise it and make it a big deal.
We're going to record stuff and say stuff in Geneva.
Sasha Latapova says similar things as Jonathan Cooey.
Oh boy, is that rich.
Take maybe, you know, RNA sequences, put in a lipid nanoparticle, aerosols.
I don't know.
I just don't know.
I had something that made me very sick.
And who knows what it is?
Toxin, poison, whatever they're using.
But the problem that I have when you say there's no virus, there's no such thing as virus and contagion.
You let the people who run the bioweapons labs off the hook.
And that's a fracking dangerous game to play.
Because there are bioweapons labs all around the world, many American ones.
You just need to look at what they did in Iraq, OK?
The Gulf War.
They gave anthrax.
And you tell all these no-virus, no-contagion people, you think anthrax doesn't make you sick?
Aspergilloma, whatever you call it.
You think that doesn't make you sick?
These toxins within them?
You don't think these things will make you sick?
Because I think they will.
I think they'll kill you.
So they've experimented and played around with these substances and agents to make them sick.
And what was Gulf War syndrome all about?
These drugs, these bioweapons, these vaccines and everything.
And they made their own army soldiers really sick from all of this stuff.
And they do.
All of what stuff?
The anthrax vaccine that Meryl Ness spoke out against?
What are you talking about here, Ahmed?
Be specific for once.
Tell us something useful.
Play around with these agents and bacteria and try and make them more dangerous.
And that is actually happening.
It's actually happening, and it doesn't work very well.
So shitty for RNA viruses, in fact, that they use something called infectious clones to approximate whatever they imagine happens in the wild.
I took a whole hour to explain it to you, you jackass.
Just say, oh, there's no contagion, there's no virus, it's nothing like this.
It's all in your head.
Make your terrain better.
You're letting them off the hook.
And that makes me almost think, are you playing for the other side?
Letting them off the hook of what?
of talking shit about pandemic potential that doesn't exist, about lying about the effectiveness of transfections.
What are we letting them off the hook on?
For the leak?
Do you see how imprecise his language is and how with that imprecision, he effectively does nothing?
He effectively creates confusion, uncertainty, embedded contradiction.
He's got no frackin' clue.
He's got exactly a frackin' clue of what he's doing.
He's confusing people, making people afraid, and making people go limp.
Right?
Right, seriously?
And either you're just ideologically captured, or you are deliberately controlled.
You are a controlled agent.
And you can be controlled indirectly and directly.
You know, people who are indirectly controlled are ones who believe something truly, but are mistaken in their belief, but are promoted, and their voice is amplified.
You know, because it suits the powers above that this person is spreading this information because it's false and it's helping them.
And so, who's he implying that would be?
Sasha Lantupova?
Meryl Ness?
Robert Malone?
Mary Holland?
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.?
Pierre Kory?
Who's he talking about here?
How much more imprecise could he be so that effectively he's giving you no information at all, except for telling you you're screwed, and that we're already in the New World Order?
I mean, as far as he's concerned.
And I get worried about these ideological camps.
I'd rather people said, I'm not really sure.
Sounds attractive.
Is it everything?
Not sure.
You know, that's humility.
That's keeping an open mind.
That's scientific.
And then the other side is when you've got people who are saying it's all, you know, gain of function, early treatment.
I mean, I just don't know.
Then you're letting them off the hook.
Then you've got the other people who say there's no virus.
But there are viruses that exist, but there was no virus in this case.
It was all just hospital measures.
And again, I think you're letting them off the hook.
I think they definitely did something.
They did something.
How about they lied?
Why is it so hard to say they did something?
And people did get sick.
And yes, people died because of the hospital protocols and measures.
People died because of hospital protocols and measures, which is murder when you let somebody starve, when you let somebody dehydrate, when you let somebody die of a urinary tract infection, when you give them secondary pneumonia by giving them high flow nasal oxygen for weeks or days or whatever it was.
What is going on here?
In certain places in the world, through some mechanism of dispersal, aerosol, whatever, poisoning, they make people sick.
They use that.
He is actually reinforcing the fact, this idea that somewhere there are bad guys that make people sick with spray.
They aerosolized, they did stuff, they did stuff when it could just all be lies.
It could just be Pierre Kory lying to get people to get into the hospital, then lying about whether or not this high flow nasal oxygen's hurting anybody.
Is that really progression of COVID?
Or are you just damaging his lungs with that oxygen?
And not asking that question.
This guy, who's worked on lots of people that have been under anesthesia care, is apparently not interested in asking that question about the protocols.
He's never even said that in my home country, they use midazolam in starving people to kill them.
Think about how much of a massive fail he is.
He's a traitor.
There's no other way to see it.
This is a traitor.
He's selling out.
He's talking over all the murder that happened in Scotland and the UK, everywhere.
And he's talking over all the murder that happened in the United States.
People died of the protocols, but that's not murder apparently.
ramp up the fear and the propaganda, and everyone fell in line.
And I watched a recent video, including him, right, because he only lost his job when he voluntarily quit last year.
So he fell in line, too.
I mean, he didn't drop his job and start podcasting and crusading because people were being murdered.
And they were lying about it.
Not at all.
which I thought was amazing.
I'll just lay it out to you.
There is a row of chairs.
And three people are sitting in the chairs.
And they're actors.
And there's a bell that goes, doot.
And when the bell goes, doot, everybody stands up.
They've got pieces of paper.
They're auditioning.
But they stand up.
And when it goes, doot, again, they sit down.
And they're actors.
Now, one person of the public comes in and sits down.
And he's not an actor, and he doesn't know that other people are actors.
And when this noise goes, doot, the other three people get up.
And he looks at them like, why are they getting up?
And they're all looking at their sheets.
And then, doot, and they sit down again.
When it makes that noise again, doot, this fourth person gets up.
He goes, oh, I don't want to be sitting there.
I'll do it as well.
So when three people decide to lie to you, it's pretty hard to see through it.
So if Robert Malone and Meryl Nass and Jessica Rose
And Pierre Corey, and Nurse Erin, and Kyle Seidel, and Doc Malek all agree to lie to you to say that it's just impossible for them to figure it out.
They just don't know.
So they're just going to be humble and say they don't know.
They can't know.
They're not smart enough to know.
And that's the right thing to do, because then you'll do it too.
And that will effectively keep you in the hog trap long enough so that when they close the gate, you'll be in it and just so will your kids.
He's working for them, ladies and gentlemen.
It's clear as day in this podcast.
There's no saving being done here.
There's no fighting being done here.
He's effectively Joe Rogan, UK.
It's a joke.
Number 5 person comes in.
He sees number 4 and 1, 2, 3 doing the same.
Hoot, stand up.
Hoot, sit down.
So he starts doing it.
No one's told anyone to do that.
No one's told him to do this.
But he starts doing it.
He doesn't know why he's doing it, but he does it.
7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15 people come in.
All the seats are filled up.
They all stand up.
No reason.
No one questions.
No one laughs.
No one looks at each other.
No one says, why am I doing this?
Don't just do it.
15 people are standing up and down like idiots.
So now this is the same thing that Robert Malone and some other people, I think, get wrong, like that guy from Belgium, is that they make it seem like all these people are just doing it because they're lemmings.
but they're not because there are three people that are conspiring against them to lie consistently so that it appears as though there is an illusion of consensus about what's the proper behavior.
So it's not exactly just people running off a cliff.
It requires people to run off the cliff in order for the other lemmings to go off the cliff.
It requires people like him to say, I don't know.
I don't have any fracking clue after all these years in podcasts.
I don't know.
I just know they did something.
They probably did something like what Sasha and Jay say.
They sprayed something.
What a mealy mouth piece of shit.
I'm sorry, but this is a joke to me.
This is a traitor.
You should stop subscribing.
You should hammer him on Twitter.
This guy should be discredited.
It's just wrong.
Because after all this work and all this podcasting, he has not figured out anything.
He has no opinion on anything.
And him and this interviewer are encouraging you that that's the best idea, is to just, you know, you can't know.
There's no reason to know.
It's so much work to know.
Holy balls, what a pathetic, pathetic display.
because a little beep is going boop, stand up, did you stand up?
A minute later, boop, they sit down.
The three original actors walk out, they get called out and say, you know, go out.
So they're gone now.
So the original people who knew were in it are gone.
The other 12 idiots.
Oh yeah, so if Robert Malone and Meryl Nass and Jessica Rose exit stage left for a year, but this dipshit continues, then we're just fine.
If Pierre Khoury just continues, then we're fine.
We can eventually get rid of Sasha Latupova after she's useless and more people find out about her daughter and how she used her daughter when she was a minor.
Once more people find that out, they can remove Sasha as long as this clown's still being elevated.
And there are many more like him.
Shannon Joy is one of them.
This Irv is one of them.
And there are different levels and different tiers.
It wouldn't surprise me if very soon Brett Weinstein's on both of these podcasts.
You don't know why they're standing or sitting.
Carry on.
Stand up.
Sit down.
Do you understand how easily it is to manipulate human beings?
Get them to do shit that they don't even understand.
Oh, but they would never have done all of this to make an illusion of a pandemic.
They did something because I got sick.
It was strange.
Just accept it.
And what happens is that there was one person who didn't get up.
And instead of saying, yeah, I don't know why I'm doing this.
Yeah, I'm going to sit down as well.
They all look to her and turn to her like, why are you not getting up?
I'm doing this.
Why are you not doing this?
What's wrong with you?
So everyone gets vaccinated and the ones who don't get vaccinated, how dare you?
Why are you not getting vaccinated?
Did you not hear the toot?
We need to get vaccinated now.
Toot, we need to get booster now.
Oh yeah, but isn't the toot on TV?
Wasn't there a bunch of toots on TV in the UK beeping on the TV about what we needed to do to build back better?
Is he not going to explain that?
Or is it just stupid people doing what they're told?
You see, it's not that we were lied to.
It's not that we're governed by mythology.
It's that people are dumb.
They're gullible.
They're easily manipulated.
So it's our fault.
Why are you not doing it?
There's no thinking.
There is no critical thinking going on.
Human beings have just been programmed.
So what's his excuse for not critically thinking for the first three years?
Or he did, but he didn't have the principles to do anything about it.
Is that what it was?
Programmed.
Or maybe nobody approached him and said, hey, we could build a little
a little studio in your backyard so that you could have a podcast and then we'll be sure that your podcast gets elevated and you'll be fine as long as you don't talk about or question the novel virus and you don't question that millions of people were killed from it.
You just kind of, you know, remain agnostic about these things.
We'll promote you to high heaven.
We'll get you all those guests you need.
We're easily manipulated.
We're herd animals.
We're weak now to the greatest extent, I believe, in our history.
We're weak and pathetic.
And that's why these people are doing what they're doing to us.
My friend.
Yeah.
And, and, you know, we covered a lot of the topics that I'm most interested in and, you know, something else that you touched on, you know, again, one of my biggest fears is you mentioned like the, the health passes, the Nazi health passes during COVID.
I bought, it's right behind me, uh, uh, actual Aachen and pass from 1930s Nazi Germany, which was to prove here.
To prove, I got it from an Italian antique dealer on eBay for 10 bucks.
And I bought one for each of my family members.
Because if I was forced again to show my COVID papers, I would whip out my Nazi Aachman pass.
And I learned later that there's a second one called the Gesundheit pass, the actual Nazi health pass.
And so my fear is what they're pushing towards is this, the CBDC's cashless system with digital IDs and digital passports where they're really going to control.
If they decide, if the system decides they hit a button and you literally can't buy food, no one's going to help you because if they help you, the same thing's going to happen to them.
And that's kind of my biggest fear down the line is we're going to end up in this type of.
So they didn't hear that from Mike Eden for the last four years.
I mean.
Doc Malik put Mike Eden's podcast behind a paywall because you know, his family needs money.
So I'm sure that Doc heard it, but maybe he doesn't want to give it away because it's behind the paywall system.
And so you know, any further thoughts on that?
How do you think that might play out what we can do?
And then other things that you're sort of thinking about?
Yeah.
What do you think?
Unfortunately,
I'm really just disappointed in a lot of people in the world today.
I hate this.
I really am.
I think, you know, 10-15% of the population are really switched on and get it.
But the majority really don't.
They know something's not right.
But they don't know what.
And that goes back to the diagnosis.
If you don't know what the problem is, how can you fix it?
And some of them aren't even aware there is a problem.
They have a little sense something's not right.
But they've not quite got to the point where they think they need to go see a doctor.
They just think, something's not right.
But maybe I'll just leave it and I'll be better tomorrow.
Some patients are like that.
And I say it to these patients, you know, who come a year or two years later.
And by that point, their foot's pointing 90 degrees the wrong angle.
And the deformity is so severe, it's got problems in their knees.
And their knees now have got a serious problem.
And their hip and back are off.
I go, why did you leave it so late?
Because you left it so late, because there's deformity and it's irreversible.
You've now got knock on complications elsewhere.
And so not only will the problem be harder to fix, it will take longer to fix and it will not be as good as before.
And the complications and risks are higher.
And they go, oh, really?
I'm like, did you not realise something was wrong?
And they went, do you know what?
I knew something was not right.
I was kidding myself.
And I think that's what people are doing now.
I think a lot of people are kidding themselves.
They're kidding themselves that, you know what?
Tomorrow is going to be a better day.
Tomorrow will be easier.
That the problem will somehow be fixed.
Someone's going to sort it out and make sense.
And those people
Yeah, they're in trouble.
So I think things are going to get worse.
I think this year, I don't know why, my spidey sense is telling me this year is going to be a bad year.
It's going to make 2020 look like one of the starters.
This is this is going to be a big one.
Something's going to happen.
It could be anything.
Could be all of them.
Could be another pandemic.
Could be a hot war, proper big hot war affecting the West.
It could be a massive financial crash.
And that could be as a result of anything, because anything can the Tinder box, anything can light it.
Another scandal, another bank crashing, another financial thing that we just don't even know about around the corner.
It could be, oh, they hacked our electronic system and the Internet and we lost outage.
Can you imagine what the world would be like if for two weeks there's no electricity and no Internet?
The chaos, the looting, the riots.
What would the world do without Malik's podcast for two weeks?
I mean, man, oh, man.
And then the lights are back on.
So I'll give an example.
If this happens, right?
So all the people are watching.
I disappear.
What's happening?
I'm back.
It's all right.
Now we're back.
And we've realized who the baddies were.
Those pesky Iranians, those North Koreans, those Donetskans.
Are there even such a thing as Donetskans?
But anyway, and now to protect us from this ever happening again, we're going to introduce digital currency.
We're going to introduce a social credit system.
No, you're going to introduce digital ID on the internet, just like Twitter is already trying to do it.
So again, this is not a very precise understanding.
It's not a very nuanced understanding.
It's nothing.
It's worthless air.
And it's somebody who's really masquerading as an already proven card carrying hero.
It's really pathetic.
And it's gonna be so much better.
And again, the majority of people being the sheeple that they are, will actually beg for it.
They will embrace it and welcome it.
The sheeple.
See, I don't call people the sheeple.
I do say that they're skillfully watching television and skillfully using social media, and that makes them vulnerable.
But sheeple's insulting because it makes it seem like that the people are dumb and that's why the farmer takes advantage of them because they can.
As opposed to what it really is, which is people over a couple generations have been dumbed down and poisoned, confused that they've inherited this power over them.
These charlatans they inherited from their parents.
who all agree for their entire lifetime to lie to them about their basic biology in order to perpetuate this idea of biosecurity state being relevant.
And he's never going to be able to explain that to anyone because he's got no fracking idea.
Because, again, the evil people have done a wonderful job of getting the majority of us to enslave ourselves, to build our own prisons, whether they be physical or, more importantly, in the mind.
And I think there is a World War III right now already, and it's a war on the mind, this constant, relentless war.
There it is.
It's a war on the mind.
And he's got no fracking idea what's going on.
Just like Jordan Peterson, the psychologist, has no idea what to do.
We're all in a disarray.
We're being attacked from a spiritual point of view.
We're being attacked from our health.
You just need to look at the food, the land, the way they're raping it.
Is it the same in the UK as it is in America?
Are we all in the same boat together?
Stop lying!
depleting it with the nutrients, feeding us as toxic garbage.
We're never been so sick and unhealthy and obese and infertile as a species.
I mean, honestly, go down to the average beach and you'll just see these fat pregnant men with beach ball stomachs.
And it's apparently a dad bod.
We're disgusting.
You know, we're the lean healthy.
We're pathetic.
We're sheep.
This is the message.
He's not saving us.
He's not saving our kids.
He doesn't want to turn our kids back into critically thinking primates.
I'm not sure how much longer I should really listen.
It is 20 more minutes, I guess.
The athletic human beings now, we're only a dad bod.
We're disgusting.
You know, we're the lean, healthy, athletic human beings now.
We're all flabby.
And no wonder we're non-binary, because have you noticed a fat man looks just like a fat woman?
They all got boobies.
The women have got beards.
You know, men are just jiggling around a bit.
You know, it's just we've just lost the plot.
So there's a war on multiple fronts, but most importantly, on our mind.
And the action of that is that we worship and embrace our captors and the ones who imprison us and the ones who torture us.
It's the ultimate Stockholm Syndrome buster.
We are living in a global Stockholm Syndrome.
And the few people like you and me who call out this Stockholm Global Syndrome and go, oh, shit, guys, it's the invasion of the body snatchers.
We need to fracking do something.
Everyone turns around and goes, destroy them.
We're the crazies.
We're the conspiracy theorists.
We're the nutjobs.
See, he's a card-carrying hero now.
He's part of the dissident movement.
He's a card-carrying leader of the dissident movement now.
And in essence, the truth is, we're the ones who are awake.
We are the ones who truly value freedom and liberty.
We are the ones who love humanity.
And we want to save everyone.
How are you going to save them if you have no fracking idea what's happening?
How can he save our children if he has no frackin' idea what's happening?
He has no frackin' clue what they're lying about.
He can't even use the word lie.
How's he gonna save us from people who are willing to coordinate their lying?
How can he save us from people that are willing to coordinate their lying across non-governmental organizations over decades?
How's he gonna save us if he doesn't wanna learn the history of these ideas?
If he doesn't wanna learn the nuances of these ideas and how they're presented and not.
What is going on here other than a trader pretending to be a card carrying hero when in fact he is an absolute fraud?
I don't know, I think this is a fraud.
And going back to another analogy, the problem is you look at all these sheep that we've got in the world today,
It's all disgusting sheep.
You're yucky, disgusting losers.
Stupid.
You and me and all the other kind of freedom fighters and freedom thinkers, we are the sheepdogs.
We don't eat sheep, but we protect them.
We herd them.
We look after them.
We keep the big bad wolf away.
He is a sheepdog.
Can you believe this?
This guy's claiming the title sheepdog.
Holy shit.
The problem is, the sheep look at us and are scared of us.
And instead, the wolf in sheep's clothing, they think is one of them.
And they go to the wolf for protection.
Do you see how crazy it is?
This is what's happening.
The evil ones have done such a good job of giving themselves this veneer of being a sheep, when actually they are the wolf.
This is the problem, my friend.
I think you've laid it out perfectly.
And even sometimes, and I'm sure some listeners now, this is kind of a therapy as well for us airing this stuff out, like it shows, okay, I'm not crazy.
There's other people thinking like me.
Oh, my gosh.
Are you kidding me?
This podcast could be from 2020.
It's a joke.
It's a crying joke.
No progress has been made.
These two guys are blowing sunshine up each other's buttholes like they're both the greatest ever.
Their podcasts are the greatest ever and they can't stop patting each other on the back for how great their humility is for being able to admit that they don't know fracking shit.
Holy pathetic bullshit.
It is a form of therapy and what, you know, further on up the road, it's like, what now?
You know, I'm always thinking, I like how you said freedom thinker.
Sometimes I'm not sure if I want to call myself freedom fighter, but freedom thinker.
Thinker?
What are you thinking about?
You don't have any fracking clue.
You have no answers.
You have no hypotheses, nothing.
What are you thinking about?
We talk about this stuff, we warn people, let's push back, don't comply, I'm not wearing a mask, all this sort of stuff.
But I'm also thinking, I gotta start preparing.
Like you laid out, I'm cyanide-filled, like my past guest, Illegal Man, calls it.
I think we're headed into this dystopia.
I just wanna make preparations to be able to survive going through the fire.
And many of our forefathers, every generation.
Yeah, you gotta survive.
I'm just collecting Bitcoin from the people who tell me what to say.
Because I hope that gets me to survive.
That's all I'm doing is just trying to survive.
Get enough for my kids, because I know they're going to run this ship into the ground.
I can see that they're going to crash the airplane, so I'm just trying to position myself next to the right, you know, exit row, or I'm just trying to get myself, you know, where I need to be.
No, everybody else isn't paying attention.
All these sheep around, they might as well get where I need to be.
I've talked to Robin Martinati on the program early on.
Robin Martinati is the guy who kept Mike Eden captured on Telegram for a very long time until finally Mike Eden started his own Telegram because he realized that that asshole was actually delaying and misconstruing the things that he said.
That guy's on my list because he blocked me after he tried to make fun of my clones theory and then tried to say that CGMP was cyclic GMP in this document when it was not.
It was about general manufacturing processes.
He made himself look like a jackass and then he blocked me.
And he has been meddling with Mike Eden for three years.
And then who does this dipshit mention?
Robin Martinati.
Like you laid out, I'm cyanide-filled, like my past guest, Illegal Man, calls it.
I think we're headed into this dystopia.
I just want to make preparations to be able to survive going through the fire.
And, you know, many of our forefathers, every generation, I've talked to Robin Monotti on the program early on.
I think 2021, and he was talking about Humberto Eco or fascism, eternal fascism, where every generation has to deal with this.
And I thought about it.
When I was a kid, we lived through the breakup of Yugoslavia.
My uncle fought.
He's still alive.
He fought the Serbs who were coming into Croatia.
My grandfather was a prisoner of the Croatian Nazi regime.
My great-grandfather died as a result of World War I.
you know, what are you thinking about on the way forward?
What now?
Yeah, it's really interesting.
So can't wait.
On Monday, I did a podcast with a guy called Tim Leach.
And he's a prepper.
And he preps.
And basically, the title of the podcast is going to come out in the next couple of weeks.
It's going to be how to prepare for the zombie apocalypse.
And, um, and we need to, we need to, and you know, I think there's two elements to this.
One is in the acute phase, like for example, this year, whatever shit they throw at us, no matter how uncomfortable it gets,
Don't lose your shit.
Calm down.
Relax.
The world is not going to come to an end.
It'll only come to an end if you think it's going to come to an end.
And you make it happen.
Don't make it happen.
Let everyone lose their heads.
Going back to Rudyard Kipling, he goes, if all those around you are losing their heads, but you, my son, maintain yours or keep yours or whatever it is, then you're a man.
And that's what I would say.
And when everyone else, running around like a headless chicken, keep your shit together.
And look at the sky, look at the sun, listen to the birds.
Everything's going to be just fine.
So don't lose your shit.
But in the short term, like, just be prepared, you know, that something might happen.
Make sure you know, tell your family, your wife, prepare yourself, have water, have some food, keep a baseball bat, and all the other stuff that my guest talks about in the podcast.
But then the other thing is in the long term, because I think, you know, shit is going to go down and it's not gonna be good.
You know, if you speak to people who lived in the communist countries, they go, we didn't protest.
We didn't go on marches against the state.
Are you kidding me?
That's like, send that chap to Gulag, you know, Siberia.
Why would you do that?
You know, you just, you just, you went underground and you created parallel structures and you bypassed the state.
So take, for example,
If your children are being schooled and indoctrinated, consider taking them out of school and homeschooling them.
Many people can't afford to do that.
So let's go back because he's a dipshit.
I get that.
And I'm tired of him.
But that doesn't mean you still can't hold him, Sam.
We didn't go on marches against the state.
Are you kidding me?
I'm going to be good.
My guest talks flat in the podcast.
But then the other thing is in the long term, because I think, you know, shit is going to go down and it's not going to be good.
You know, if you speak to people who lived in the communist countries, they go, we've done whatever it is.
And you're a man.
And that's why those around you are losing their heads, but you, my son, maintain yours or keep yours, whatever it is, and you're a man.
I mean, think about how pathetic that is.
Okay.
Just think about how pathetic that is for just one second, please, because it's driving me bananas.
Why is that not working?
What's he quoting?
If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs and blaming it on you, if you can trust yourself when all men doubt you, but make allowance for their doubting too.
And it goes on and on and on.
It's definitely not what Dipshit said.
I'm sorry I'm using these derogatory terms, I'm sorry I'm being so mean, but this is a traitor.
This is somebody who is pretending to be a card-carrying hero, pretended to try and help my family just like other people have, and he's actually a meddler.
He's actually a meddler who put Mike Yeadon's podcast behind a paywall, put mine behind a paywall,
has interviewed Sasha Latupova a couple times, has said on this podcast that Sasha Latupova and myself have very similar ideas, even though he's got no fracking idea what's going on, according to him.
And that's what I would say.
You know, when everyone else running around like a headless chicken, keep your shit together and look at the sky, look at the sun, listen to the birds, you know, everything's gonna be just fine.
Don't don't do anything.
Don't do anything.
You know, don't don't step out of your job and speak out until somebody asks you to do it.
Somebody builds you a townhouse in a studio in your garden, then then it's okay to finally speak out when you're when you're ready to quit voluntarily because you've got another guaranteed gig in your backyard.
And then why not?
Why not?
You know, voluntarily give up on a give up on a career to start another one.
be just fine.
So don't lose your ship.
Don't lose your ship.
Like just be prepared.
You know that something might happen.
Make sure you know, tell your family, your wife, yourself, have water, have some food, keep a baseball bat and all the other stuff that my guest talks about in the podcast.
But then the other thing is in the long term, because I think, you know, shit is going to go down and it's not going to be good.
You know, if you speak to people, that's the second time he said that lived in the communist countries.
We didn't protest.
We didn't go on marches against state.
Are you kidding me?
That's like that's like send that chap to Gulag, you know, Siberia.
Why would you do that?
So he knows so much about communism suddenly.
Isn't that interesting?
Because he doesn't know really anything, but he knows a lot about communism.
You know, you just
You went underground and you created parallel structures and you bypassed the state.
Parallel structures.
Oh, now I see, you know, like the alternative FLCCC or like the wellness company.
I see alternative structures.
We'll burn it all down.
So take, for example, if your children are being schooled and indoctrinated, consider taking them out of school and homeschooling them.
Many people can't afford to do that because both couples and partners are working.
I get that.
But that doesn't mean you still can't homeschool them to some extent.
So what do I mean by that?
It means when they come home, talk to them.
Talk to them.
Take the fracking phone off them and the iPad and the YouTube and the television.
And I'm not being a Nazi about this.
You know, I mean, let them my kids watch half an hour of a cartoon here and there.
You know, I'll let them do that, you know, because if you do too much, you know, then they rebel.
And he's such a good generation.
So that's so easy to imagine how he's such a good dad.
I mean, he's there all the time for them.
I can't imagine it any other way.
Come on, let's get the chessboard out, or let's talk about this, and let's talk about that.
And I talk to them about the fiat system, or the currencies, and how money is made.
And they're like five and seven.
They're old.
He's teaching them all about fiat currencies because he's such a rebel.
Boy, since he pulled his head out last year and voluntarily quit his job, he's learned just about everything.
You can start talking about these things.
So don't abdicate all of your children's education to the state.
Start teaching them.
Start talking to them.
Another one would be stay fucking healthy.
Don't get into their sick care system.
Again, I was telling someone today on my podcast, you know, it's really funny.
I spent 25 years in a hospital.
Sometimes, you know, most days I would be spending more time in a hospital than at home.
Sometimes I would be spending more time with my colleagues and my wife.
You know, my home, my home was the hospital now.
Now, if you ask me to go near hospital, I get I get like my my spine starts tingling.
I get really nervous.
It's very foreboding.
I sense this dark energy coming from the hospital.
I don't feel safe.
I don't trust the hospital.
I know the doctors individually might be very nice, but I don't trust the protocols they're following.
I don't trust indoctrination and I don't trust their judgment that they're critically thinking.
I don't trust that what they're doing is in my best interest.
And what do I mean by that?
Well, the last few years have shown
that doctors will do whatever it takes to keep their job and their license, then do what's the right thing.
So instead of speaking out against mandates and experimental shots, they've just kept their head down, because you know what?
They can't afford it.
Like him, he kept his head down for almost three years.
That's why he didn't save anyone.
That's why all the shots from AstraZeneca were given out before he pulled his head out.
That's why all the shots were given out around the world before he pulled his head out.
before he even started speaking about them.
And he still can't call them transfection, even though I explained to him why he should.
He still calls them shots because he's still playing for them.
He works for the slavers.
He's part of the people that are controlled, demolishing the Republicans of the West.
And doctors have said this to my face.
And you've seen it.
How many doctors around the world have you seen speak out percentage-wise?
0.001%?
Because they've said, no, you know what?
I need to keep my mortgage going.
I've got a holiday.
I've got that mistress on the side.
I've got a lot of shit to do.
I can't afford to do this.
That's reality.
So this idea that doctors first do no harm, my ass.
No.
First, I need to take care of my pocket.
I need to take care of my bills.
Second, I need to take care of the mortgage.
Oh, so it's mortgage and bills.
And so if that means having a podcast and not figuring anything out, then that's what I got to do.
If that means promoting all the people that I'm told to promote, like Robert Malone and Meryl Nass and Sasha Latupova, in order to pay the bills and make the mortgage meanwhile, then that's what I got to do.
That's the first priority for him.
First priority isn't putting everything on the line for his children and his grandchildren.
Putting everything on the line doesn't mean risking your faculty position at a medical school.
It means voluntarily quitting after they made it hard enough for him in 2023.
This is a traitor, a fake.
Hero, he does not carry anything to the battle at all.
He's not got any insight or any special knowledge that brings any help or insight to anyone that listens to him.
And that's why he has risen so quickly as a podcaster and why so many of these fake people promote him.
Second and third, I need to look after the school and fees, holidays.
I mean, where does the patient rank?
I think quite low down.
So when you go to a hospital, how do you know when that doctor is speaking to you and telling you what needs to be done?
They're telling you what's in your best interest or what's actually in their best interest because they're following the guidelines and protocols that are going to protect them from getting into trouble.
And they might know, actually, it's not right for you.
But you know what?
Shit happens.
Nothing's going to happen to me because I'll just follow the protocol.
I won't get into trouble.
But if I do the right thing and tell you not to do this, protect you, well, I might get into trouble then and investigate it.
You know what?
I'm just going to follow the guideline.
I'm just following orders.
So this whole idea of first do no harm is bullshit, non-existent.
So anyway, stay out of the hospital system.
Stay healthy.
How do you do that?
Don't eat their shit.
Don't consume their shit.
Don't watch their crap TV.
Listen to geopolitics and empire for God's sake and support you.
It's just coffee a month or whatever.
Don't go to Starbucks and spend your money on that crap, that brand piss water.
Spend it on you.
Look after your health, exercise, build relationships.
Most of the relationships I've come across in my last 20 years have been very dysfunctional, not healthy.
Man and woman, husband and wife together, and it's not really what it should be.
Love, friendship, trust, passion.
No, it's all gone.
So you know what?
make sure your relationship is a proper relationship, loving relationship, a deep meaningful relationship and have lots of sex for God's sake, you know, and then build your commitment.
Have lots of sex.
Now for me that's a very surprising thing to say and why is that a very surprising thing to say?
Because I don't talk like that about my best friend.
I would never say those words because it implies something about my relationship that's private.
Something about my relationship that's intimate.
Have lots of sex.
What kind of thing is that to say to people who are unhappy after four years of confusion, frustration and doubt, arguing about these biological ideas and being lied to consistently on television and social media?
What kind of a statement is that to make to people that are alone and isolated?
What does that mean about his relationship with his wife and how much he respects or doesn't respect her to you?
to me that's kind of a weird thing to say unless you're like a single person or something and that's just your way of coping but if you're a married person to your best friend with passion and whatever I would think a little class is in order
That's just me, though.
Don't be fearful of strangers and your neighbor.
Get to know people and, you know, help them out because it's a good thing to do.
Check in on them because it's a good thing to do and treat other people like the way you'd want to be treated.
And then have faith, have true spirituality and remember that we are spirituality, but don't get into anything particular.
Don't be a Christian or a Muslim or believe in God.
Just have some spirituality, you know, and and treat your neighbors like you'd have them treat you.
Sounds like Russell Brand religiosity here are spiritual beings.
And, you know, I really do believe that there's a creator.
I mean, I think he's on holiday right now.
But anyway, I think there is a creator.
And it's funny, I'm kind of conflicted, and I'd like to hear your view on this.
I don't trust any organized religion.
I think they're all cults, and it's all bullshit.
They've all been captured by man to control, guilt, and shame us.
But take, for example, I'm an ex-Muslim.
If you tell me Jesus's teachings, I'd be like, yeah, I follow them.
I liked what he taught.
Am I a Christian?
No.
You know, I think if Christ came down on the earth today, he would be disgusted.
He would tear down the Vatican, and he would say, how dare you worship at the altar of the holy vaccine.
Okay?
So, but the problem is, if we get rid of all these flawed, damaged- So you're, you like Jesus's teaching, but you're not a Christian, but if Jesus comes back, he would be pissed, but you don't believe in Jesus.
So what is he, a myth?
What is this mealy mouth bullshit here?
not committing to anything he doesn't commit to anything nothing nothing at all there's no commitment here because he doesn't know fracking shit but he's sure that we're spiritual beings and it's a spiritual war and corrupted evil religions evil what have we got left
This is how they usher in the one world religion.
Oh, I thought we were already there.
One world religion.
Oh, wow.
That's great.
Now we're really getting all the messages right in one package.
So I'm conflicted because I don't want a one world religion, but I don't really like the current religions either.
But I want to keep the current religions and just make them better and go back to where they used to be.
I'm kind of conflicted.
What do you think?
This would be an entire part two podcast.
Let's do it.
But I think people know where I stand.
I try not to bang people on the head with it, but I'm a Bible-believing Christian.
I could even classify myself as a fundamentalist in a sense, but I believe what the Bible says and even warns about what you're saying.
Christ said how many times there's going to be false prophets, there's going to be false churches, even the Christian churches that I attend,
None of them are perfect because man is imperfect and then you know But that doesn't mean to throw the baby out with the bathwater.
And so And there's new world religion as well.
I've been talking about this recently.
It's it's very much, you know new age occult esoteric Gnostic Theosophy Helena Blavatsky Alice Bailey.
I've been calling out now in alt media a lot so you've got that top down from the top down the elites have this occult view and
and now from the bottom up it's coming through all media who are literally pushing and I go to these conferences and they're pushing the same theosophic worldview which I would classify technically it's anti-christ it's anti-christian because they believe in all these luciferian doctrines and so that kind of was going to lead to my next
One of my last questions for you the the media alternative media movement, which you you're not participating in with with podcasting Just you know, how's that been going?
What have you been learning any thoughts on the states?
You know, we've got MSM But the state of independent media and it seems like the deep state is also moving into alternative media, you know Any thoughts on moving into alternative media the deep state started alternative media you dummy
Sorry, but what part of that don't you understand?
Alternative media was started by the deep state, started by our governing structures, started by weaponized piles of money that want to interfere with our governance, that want to consciously and intelligently manipulate the habits and opinions of the masses.
Seriously, it is pathetic.
media space and the way forward there.
Yeah, without naming names, you nailed it, Buster.
I think the powers at large, the predator, criminal crats, philanthropists, they know that a lot of the population don't trust mainstream media.
And, you know, was it Albert Pike or something like that?
Scotch Freemason said we will provide the leader for the opposition.
You know, they haven't spent trillions and billions with that.
Did he just cite Albert Pike?
33rd degree Freemason from America.
That's extraordinary.
That's extraordinary gaming, everything.
And they know that a significant population or percentage of the population are now following alternative media, whether it's Joe Rogan or Russell Brand or you name it.
So I think they're all going to be heavily influenced and there'll be I'm not saying those particular outlets.
I'm just saying I think there's a mainstream alternative media now.
They're not mainstream media, but mainstream alternative media, which is captured.
And they are also pushing the agenda.
So subtly nudging, influencing, brainwashing, promoting the idea of false idols.
And there's names that we can talk about.
We've written great books, great speakers, great quotes.
But then they say some really weird shit.
So he's mentioned Gage and he's mentioned me and Sasha Latupova in the same breath, and then now he's mentioned Albert Pike.
Albert Pike is the author of the book Morals and Dogma, Ancient and Accepted Right, and it is a book that was released in America in
1944 this reprint is from, but I think it was 1906 it was entered into the Act of Congress.
Entered according to an Act of Congress, yes, in the year 1871 by Albert Pike in the Office of the Librarian of Congress at Washington.
And that's this right here.
So he cited this.
book, which I have and have read parts of, because I feel it's really important to not talk shit, but actually to try and know shit.
So yeah, I got that book.
I've read the words, a lot of them.
Some pretty mystical shit in there.
A very interesting name to just drop out of a hat since you just woke up last year when they made you so painful that you decided to
to voluntarily quit your job so you could speak out or something.
Wow, it's just extraordinary.
It's extraordinary how pathetic their narratives are when they're actually held up against knowledge and previous work.
It's kind of pathetic.
It's the T-shirt that says, COVID shots are bad, but don't talk about 2020.
Oh, for God's sake, just take the damn shot.
Who said that?
Is that you?
Or was that Joe Rogan?
Or was that, I don't know, Jordan Peterson?
It certainly wasn't him because he wasn't saying anything when people were taking the shot.
Give them hell!
You know, what narrative does that fit?
And the thing is with these, the best lie, the best lie is one that's coated in layers and layers of truth, because then it's so easy to swallow.
So 90%, 95% of the stuff they'll tell you is like exactly what you want to hear.
But it's either the omission, what they don't talk about, or what they gently throw in, and then you accidentally swallow.
And there's a lot of these around.
Including him.
As sad as it is, that's exactly the role that he plays.
You get nowhere.
He's a hamster wheel.
If there's anyone out there who's basically saying, come to me.
I have answers.
I will lead the way and free you.
I will show you the path.
Run the fucking opposite direction.
There you go.
So if anybody says they know what they're talking about, run away.
If anybody says that they have something to teach you, run away.
Don't work to evaluate their claims.
Don't try to learn what they're trying to teach and then evaluate it on your own terms.
Don't listen and try to understand their ideas and then evaluate them.
Run the other way.
And follow people like me and Herve who are humble enough to admit that we don't know a frackin' thing.
as far as I can say, okay?
The only person you should ask to lead the way and help you is God.
Look in the mirror and find your own leader in that reflection.
God is within us all.
There lies your leader, and don't rely on anyone else.
So how do we do that?
Do we pray?
Do we say rosaries with Russell Brand?
God's in every one of us?
What God?
Which one are you talking about?
You want to go back to the old religions, the way they used to be.
What is this nonsense?
This non-committal spittle.
Don't abdicate your power, your responsibilities, your thinking.
Don't abdicate your responsibilities.
Don't use words that Jonathan Cooey uses, please.
To some other person because you're a lazy piece of shit.
Who's lazy?
This guy's been podcasting for a year, claims to be trying to do something, I guess, but hasn't figured anything out yet.
Who's not doing any of the reading?
Instead, just podcasting all the time.
I don't want to learn anything.
I got so many people to interview.
I don't have time to learn.
Don't think, oh, I'm not worthy.
I'm not smart enough.
Yes, you are.
We all are.
No, you just said you're not.
You just said for the last hour that you've been podcasting for a year since you pulled your head out and you haven't figured out fracking shit.
In case you're not aware, this is a complete contradiction, right?
This is just him wrapping up with a massive contradiction the size of a battleship.
You need to have it in there.
You need it in your gut.
Your gut instinct tells you something is off.
Go with your gut.
Okay, so gut instinct tells me that you're a lying traitor.
So I went with my gut and did a two-hour show about you.
How you like them apples?
Do not override it.
It never lets you down.
That's also why I think Meryl Nass is a liar.
That's why I think Robert Malone's a liar.
That's why I think Peter McCullough has probably been convinced that if he doesn't lie, they'll ruin him.
That's why I think Pierre Kory is still selling a book about ivermectin, because they're all liars.
That's why I think that this guy is compromised because he pretended to be a rival of Robert Malone, but he's really not.
He lied about that too, just like Sasha lies about it now.
And that's why him and Sasha are working together.
That's why he said in this podcast that Sasha and Jay have pretty similar ideas, which they definitely do not.
They are.
There is a drive to create, you know, this alternative sound thing.
So, you know, the capture 70 percent of people with the mainstream media.
And then how do we capture the 30 percent?
It's obvious you get you get those voices.
So, you know, the reason why I'm on your show is, you know, because I think you work for the CIA and I'm working for the M.I.C.
No, I'm just joking, you know, because we are truly independent.
You know, we say as it is, we there's no topic we won't cover.
I'm happy talking about 9-11 and what bullshit job that was.
I'm happy talking about anything.
I won't shy away from these things.
I will connect all the dots, but I won't get any answers.
You cover everything.
You're very open-minded.
So yeah.
We wouldn't want to save anybody from a criminal vaccine schedule.
We just want everybody to be free.
We want people to be able to say whatever they want to say.
And if it's not right, or if it's a lie that traps people or disarms them from acting in their own best interest, we don't care.
We just want people to be able to say whatever they want to say.
Stop lying!
I think, you know, the listenership, they they are hopefully wise enough and smart enough.
The question is, how do we get our loyal group of followers who listen to us?
How do we grow that?
How do we get food to that 70 percent of people who are totally indoctrinated and brainwashed?
I think that I think the way to do it would be to accept fame and comfort from weaponized piles of money and then get programmed to rise among the opinion of these people.
and say messages that are not threatening to the narrative that the deep state wants to provide, that the globalized, weaponized piles of money wants to provide our children.
That's how you do it.
And then you can take care of your mortgage, you can take care of your kids, you can take care of your future and screw everybody else.
Screw the people that they murdered and lied about because you need to get yours, man.
That's the biggest challenge.
I'd be interested to know what you think of that.
I think some of them just, they can't, they will never.
That's just how it is, that's just how it is.
You know, there's a quote in the Bible, it's just some, it talks about us men, man, which includes women, man, as clay pots, and some were made for destruction.
And so, unfortunately,
You know, there's these clay pots that were made for destruction.
I don't know.
I don't have the answer.
But you know, we, you and I, we and people listening, we all do what we do every day.
I remember Ricardo Boschi, I had him on the program, former Australian Special Forces a few years ago, and he emphasized Teddy Roosevelt's quote, just do what you can with what you got, where you're at, common sense.
And Doc, you're a fantastic guest.
So, you know, crystallizing a lot of things for us and a great podcaster as well.
And so any final thought for us as we head into whatever we're heading into.
Nah, just say to everyone listening, you know, just do all the things I just said.
Stay healthy, stay free.
Also, just be happy, right?
You know, turn off your goddamn phone, turn off the TV, the news.
Don't listen to their shit.
You know, honestly, I go outside just even to my garden and look at my chickens.
It makes me happy.
There's a particular chicken right now called Jenny.
She's the cutest chicken ever.
She's so brave.
She's the smallest of all the chickens that we've got, but she's the bravest.
I'm sorry, but this reminds me a lot of the podcast in March of 2020 when Mark Kulak interviewed Kevin McCarron for the first time and Kevin McCarron claimed to like to shoot guns and held up an arrow because he did archery in Japan.
When in reality, I had just done a really killer video on YouTube about how you can teach yourself compound bull mechanics.
You can teach yourself to fix a car.
You can learn basic virology and immunology and teach your way out of this pandemic.
And then the same week, Kevin McCarren just happens to be holding a little arrow and claiming that he does archery in Japan.
Stop lying!
And now this guy just happens to have chickens and think they're really cute.
And he's got a studio in his backyard and it just happens to be that that's the way it is.
It's like, come on, come on guys.
It's just pathetic.
And I love her for that.
Wherever I go, she follows behind me.
And when I turn around, she freezes.
I keep walking, then I turn around, she freezes.
And she's looking for food.
I give her the food.
She'll eat from my hand.
I pick her up.
She lets me pick her up.
She's adorable.
And I just think everybody should just be brave and happy, happy warriors in this fight.
Because what you don't want to do is get down into this doom and gloom and negativity and depressed and fearful and anxious.
Because if you think about all these emotions, what are they?
They're dark, dark emotions.
What's dark?
Dark is evil.
Dark is Luciferian, satanic.
That's what they want you to feel.
What is the light?
Light is hope.
Light is happiness.
Light is love.
OK, so you need to shine the light from within outward and have joy.
No matter how tough life gets, how miserable, you know, I've lost my career, you know, struggling to make a living and pay the bills, wife increasing our hours.
It's okay, I'm still happy.
Oh, so his wife's got a job.
I see.
So then really you're not struggling in the same way that we were, where I had a wife that had dedicated her life to the kids at home and we were relying on one income that wasn't enough at the start of the pandemic.
And then we lost a 20 year career that both of us had invested in as a partnership.
This is somebody with her own career still.
So he's struggling to make a living, but not really.
Kinda, but not really because he quit on his own.
He volunteered to stop because they made it so hard for him last year.
I don't know if you're aware, but the pandemic's been going on for almost five years now.
And people look at me and go, no, you look really great.
You look really happy.
And it comes down to, I'd rather be poor, free and happy.
Oh, he's poor and he's free.
And he's, he's doing the right thing because he's a card carrying hero from last year.
Rich.
and a slave and miserable.
So I would just say to everybody, be happy and live your life now like it's your last.
And don't worry too much about tomorrow.
Okay, that's exactly what I'm doing.
And that's why I'm calling the liars for who they are.
Because I'm not worried about tomorrow.
I'm not worried about getting rich.
I'm worried about my grandkids.
I'm worried about my children.
not being able to see the liars because there are so many of them that are willing to lie together.
Just like the experiment he explained, they're going to walk some of these liars off the stage because they have him.
Stand back from the timeline of humanity.
You know, we've been on this planet a really long time.
And sometimes it's been great, sometimes it's been shit.
Wars have come and gone.
Empires have risen and fallen.
And you know what?
It's going to be the same, same.
These idiots that are planning this, this rich, small, powerful cabal of families, individuals, banks, whatever, corporations, they think they're so fracking smart.
But they're so sick spiritually, mentally, physically, inbred.
There's no hope for them.
They're chasing this transhumanism and living forever ain't going to happen.
They're going to destroy themselves.
In some respects, we don't need to do anything.
We don't need to do anything.
They will.
We don't need to fight the who.
Why would we do that?
We can just let them.
Holy cow, destroy themselves.
And you know what?
Things will get better again.
And some other shit will come along, like a big asteroid.
Who knows?
So don't fret too much about it.
Don't get too paranoid and miserable and depressed.
Just be that shining light.
Be grateful for everything that we have.
Get out of nature and love.
And have lots of sex.
I would totally agree.
You really- For everything that we have.
Get out of nature and love.
And have lots of sex.
Have lots of sex he said it again He said it again To a world full of lonely people that have lost their loved ones Some people watch their best friend die from kovat protocols.
He's saying have lots of sex.
I
in a, to a group of young adults that were abandoned at the beginning of the pandemic where no other adults would stand up for them.
And they had to deal with universities and, and testing protocols and the pressure to get.
And now he's just saying, have lots of sex.
What a malevolent traitor, piece of garbage.
I would totally agree.
You really nailed it.
That's where my head has been at for a long time.
Um, I mean, in general, when you were saying, and that's why, you know, Ecclesiastes from the old Testament has, has always been my favorite, one of my favorite books from the Bible where it says, there's nothing you under the sun, uh, you know, vanity of life is a vain parade.
Um, eat, you know, obey God.
At least he could have said, make love.
Like what in the world?
eat, drink, and be merry.
That's where we're at.
I hope Jenny makes for a good chicken burger eventually.
And Doc, it's been great.
I love your work.
And your links are in the description.
They will be where are the best places people can go to consume your content, your projects, and to support you.
Yeah, consume my content.
Yeah, we need to consume our content.
None of this garbage out there.
DocMalik, D-O-C-M-A-L-I-K dot com.
That's my website.
We'll take you to all the podcasts and each podcast.
And it can take you to the links, Spotify, Apple, Rumble, except if they're paywall.
One third of my content is behind a paywall because I need to pay the bills and I need to feed my family.
And, yeah, publicly, I just want to say thank you to you for giving me your time and allowing me to put our episode behind a paywall.
And I really appreciate it.
And, you know,
It means, honestly, I can provide for my family.
So I'm very, very grateful to you.
And on Twitter, I'm Doc Ahmed Malik, and on Instagram, Doc Ahmed Malik, A-H-M-A-D-M-A-L-I-K.com.
And I just want to say thank you so much.
I've really enjoyed this.
I love chatting to you.
And don't forget, you need to feed Jenny the chicken as well.
Yes.
All right, Doc, give other great work.
Thanks for being on Geopolitics & Empire.
I hope you enjoyed this Geopolitics & Empire podcast.
Ladies and gentlemen, we have been in the car with these people for a very, very, very long time.
Okay?
Very long time.
You can see them because they actually promote each other.
They argue with each other, but it's all bullshit.
And so you can see Sasha Latapova arguing with Kevin McKernan or agreeing with him on some aspects, just like you can see Doc Malek promoting Sasha Latapova.
These are all people that are hired in order to, like,
curate a limited spectrum of debate.
And Doc Malek is just a guy who's agreed not to answer any questions or not to ask any meaningful ones.
And that's the same thing.
You are not engaging at all in this case.
He's decided not to gauge at all in a very lively debate, but instead just to admit that he doesn't fracking know anything.
And it's just better to, I don't know, have lots of sex.
Ladies and gentlemen, they're doing this.
They're doing it with people that are willing to lie to us.
Doc Malek is one of those people.
Sasha Latupova is one of those people.
Kevin McKernan is one of those people.
Meryl Nass is one of those people.
Robert Malone is one of those people.
Epi Girl is one of those people.
And they have been lying to us in coordination, in Zoom meetings and in signal chats and in telegram groups for years.
They lie on podcasts.
They agree to laugh about the same stuff.
Even when their dads know what's going on and their dads work with their other dads.
They pretend like they're self-made and they suffered even though they got a half a million dollars settlement.
I didn't get a half a million dollar settlement from my loss.
I trust you understand that.
These people have been misleading the young for years.
That's why they tour the world.
That's why these clowns are in Geneva right now.
Because it is a coordinated operation to mislead the young about a lot of things.
Ladies and gentlemen, this has been Gigaohm Biological, a high resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
The biologist's name is Jonathan Cooey.
I come to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania as often as I can.
Please stop transfection in humans because they are trying to eliminate the control group by any means necessary.
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans was always criminally negligent and RNA cannot pandemic.
Here at GigaOM Biological, we do know a little bit more than frackin' nothing.
And we try to teach as much as we possibly can every frackin' day.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you like what you saw, please go to GigaOM Biological and share the stream or find a way to support it.
I'll see you again tomorrow at 10.10.
Thanks very much.